
STRUCTUREs for in the "CUSTOM FILEs"

PVP
staticobj_wall_cnc_5                   cncrt big floor / roof / obstcl
staticobj_wall_cncsmall_4              cncrt small floor / obstcl

Land_Rail_Station_Big                  train station  pvp save zone
Land_Castle_Gate                       stn entrance
Land_Castle_Bastion                    stone tube if combi / 1/2 tunel shrink
staticobj_platform2_stairs_20          cncrt stairs block
staticobj_platform2_stairs_30_wallr    cncrt wall for stairs
staticobj_forest_humanskeleton

staticobj_misc_concretepipe            cncrt sewage/drenage tube/pipe
staticobj_misc_boundarystone_tube      metal rust pipe tiny / ?CIGAR?
staticobj_pier_tube_big                metal/cncrt tub long
staticobj_pier_tube_small              





TRAPs / items that stick to hands, player needs to kill m selfs

PVCBow
QuickieBow
RecurveBow
Crossbow

M249
DartGun
Shockpistol
FNX45_arrow

M203
M203_Standalone
LAW
RPG7

Chainsaw

TelescopicBaton

TREES
PiceaAbies_2d
PiceaAbies_3d
PinusSylvestris_3d_Summer
FagusSylvatica_2d_Summer
FagusSylvatica_3d

PLANTs
Plant_Cannabis
Plant_Pepper
Plant_Potato
Plant_Pumpkin
Plant_Tomato
Plant_Zucchini

MUSHROOMs
AgaricusMushroom
AmanitaMushroom
PsilocybeMushroom
AuriculariaMushroom
BoletusMushroom
MacrolepiotaMushroom
LactariusMushroom
PleurotusMushroom

DRINKs
Vodka
Canteen

FOODs
ZagorkyChocolate
ZagorkyPeanuts
Zagorky
Chips
Apple
Banana
Orange
Kiwi
SambucusBerry
CaninaBerry

!!! ENLARGE !!!
Worm
Syringe
ClearSyringe
BloodSyringe
InjectionVial

MEDs
BandageDressing
CharcoalTablets
PainkillerTablets
VitaminBottle
TetracyclineAntibiotics
BloodTestKit
Splint

Candle
Refrigerator
RefrigeratorMinsk
TrashCan
Cassette
MessTin
Compass
Rangefinder
Megaphone
FieldShovel
FireExtinguisher

GUNs
staticobj_misc_gunrack
AmmoBox
UniversalLight
FlashGrenade
Mp133Shotgun_PistolGrip

MEELEEs
CattleProd
StunBaton

COMMs
PersonalRadio
BaseRadio
Radio

FUELs
Land_FuelStation_Feed
staticobj_fueldstation_shed
staticobj_fueldstation_sign
Land_Workshop_FuelStation
Land_FuelStation_Build
Land_FuelStation_Build_Enoch
Land_Wall_Gate_Ind3                   metal gate
staticobj_wall_cnc_5                  cncrt big long thicc wall / Floor
staticobj_wall_indfnc_9               metal seethrough fence w/ barbwire
staticobj_wall_indfnc_3_hole          metal fence w/ hole
staticobj_furniture_carpet_big        carpit big clean
staticobj_furniture_sofacorner        sofa corner

RAZOR/ BARB
staticobj_misc_razorwire
staticobj_misc_barbedwire
staticobj_wall_fen5_5                 use metal fence razorwire
staticobj_wall_indcnc3_2_4            USE cncrt wall w/ razorwire
staticobj_wall_indfnc_9               use metal fence w/ razorwire

staticobj_misc_boogieman
staticobj_misc_fountain

FLOWERs
staticobj_furniture_flowers_01
staticobj_furniture_flowers_02
staticobj_flowerpot

GATEs
Land_Wall_Gate_Ind3                   USE metal drop gate
staticobj_misc_concretepipe_gate
staticobj_wall_gate_cgry
staticobj_misc_football_gate

KITCHEN
Land_Misc_Well_Pump_Yellow
FryingPan
Pot
staticobj_furniture_kitchen_desk_a
staticobj_furniture_kitchen_desk_b
staticobj_furniture_kitchenstove_elec
staticobj_furniture_washing_machine
staticobj_furniture_light_kitchen_03
staticobj_furniture_kitchen_unit_a_dz
staticobj_furniture_kitchen_table_a
staticobj_furniture_kitchen_chair_a

Furniture
staticobj_furniture_shelfs_small
staticobj_furniture_radar_electronics
staticobj_furniture_table_drawer
staticobj_furniture_metalcrate
staticobj_furniture_sofa_leather_old
staticobj_furniture_hospital_bench
staticobj_furniture_rack_dz
staticobj_furniture_drill
staticobj_furniture_picture_f_02
staticobj_furniture_bar_tap_dz
staticobj_furniture_fireplace_grill
staticobj_furniture_vending_machine
staticobj_furniture_radio_b
staticobj_furniture_class_case_b_open
staticobj_furniture_sofacorner
staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_v2
staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_v3
staticobj_furniture_lab_sink
staticobj_furniture_lab_beaker
staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_blue_v1
staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_blue_v2
staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_blue_v3
staticobj_furniture_radar_rack
staticobj_furniture_wall_hanger
staticobj_furniture_wall_board
staticobj_furniture_flag_chernarus_wall
staticobj_furniture_wall_board_02
staticobj_furniture_wall_board_03
staticobj_furniture_fridge
staticobj_furniture_wheel_cart_dz
staticobj_furniture_conference_table_a
staticobj_furniture_pultskasou
staticobj_furniture_picture_a_02
staticobj_furniture_picture_a_03
staticobj_furniture_picture_a_04
staticobj_furniture_picture_a_05
staticobj_furniture_metalcase_02
staticobj_furniture_bucket
staticobj_furniture_metalcrate_02
staticobj_furniture_stul_kuch_1
staticobj_furniture_pc                             a Personal Computer ?
staticobj_furniture_skrin_bar
staticobj_furniture_debris_small_house
staticobj_furniture_class_case_a_closed
staticobj_furniture_tools_racking                  Tool Rack
staticobj_furniture_almara_open
staticobj_furniture_picture_g_02
staticobj_furniture_wardrobe_a
staticobj_furniture_wardrobe_b
staticobj_furniture_school_map
staticobj_furniture_shelf
staticobj_furniture_periodic_table
staticobj_furniture_table_umakart
staticobj_furniture_grinder
staticobj_furniture_hospital_transport_bed
staticobj_furniture_lekarnicka
staticobj_furniture_gym_ladder
staticobj_furniture_desk_globe
staticobj_furniture_prison_toilet
staticobj_furniture_lab_bunsen
staticobj_furniture_vaulting_box_small
staticobj_furniture_bag_dz
staticobj_furniture_cashier
staticobj_furniture_ch_office_b
staticobj_furniture_picture_b_02
staticobj_furniture_office_table_a
staticobj_furniture_case_a
staticobj_furniture_case_d
staticobj_furniture_lobby_counter
staticobj_furniture_sarcophagus
staticobj_furniture_radar_panel_flat
staticobj_furniture_student_chair
staticobj_furniture_tac_board
staticobj_furniture_tv_a
staticobj_furniture_radar_rack_quad
staticobj_furniture_school_clock
staticobj_furniture_box_c
staticobj_furniture_fluor_lamp
staticobj_furniture_soustruh_proxy
staticobj_furniture_sawhorse_dz
staticobj_furniture_tac_board_posters_level1
staticobj_furniture_tac_board_posters_level2
staticobj_furniture_vaulting_goat
staticobj_furniture_anvil
staticobj_furniture_box_c_multi
staticobj_furniture_piano
staticobj_furniture_case_a_open
staticobj_furniture_anatomy_poster_1
staticobj_furniture_anatomy_poster_2
staticobj_furniture_shelfs_small_broken
staticobj_furniture_vaulting_box_large
staticobj_furniture_table_crushed
staticobj_furniture_yellow_star
staticobj_furniture_picture_c_02
staticobj_furniture_medical_table
staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_v1
staticobj_furniture_postel_manz_kov
staticobj_furniture_pult
staticobj_furniture_almara
staticobj_furniture_flag_chernarus_pole
staticobj_furniture_table_broken
staticobj_furniture_shelf_dz
staticobj_furniture_prison_sink
staticobj_furniture_table_dz
staticobj_furniture_postel_panelak1
staticobj_furniture_radiator
staticobj_furniture_locker_open_v1
staticobj_furniture_locker_open_v3
staticobj_furniture_flagholder
staticobj_furniture_teacher_desk
staticobj_furniture_library_a
staticobj_furniture_carpet_2_dz
staticobj_furniture_lab_vial
staticobj_furniture_couch_dz
staticobj_furniture_hangar_lamp
staticobj_furniture_workbench_dz
staticobj_furniture_workbench
staticobj_furniture_luxury_light
staticobj_furniture_vise
staticobj_furniture_scale
staticobj_furniture_intercom_speaker
staticobj_furniture_blackboard
staticobj_furniture_lab_dropper
staticobj_furniture_case_cans_b
staticobj_furniture_chest_dz
staticobj_furniture_library_a_open
staticobj_furniture_picture_d_02
staticobj_furniture_tools_racking_dz
staticobj_furniture_student_desk
staticobj_furniture_table
staticobj_furniture_lab_teacher_bench
staticobj_furniture_lab_cylinder_beaker
staticobj_furniture_school_ringbell
staticobj_furniture_locker_open_blue_v1
staticobj_furniture_locker_open_blue_v2
staticobj_furniture_locker_open_blue_v3
staticobj_furniture_luxury_lamp
staticobj_furniture_shelfs_small_crushed
staticobj_furniture_radar_panel
staticobj_furniture_dkamna_bila
staticobj_furniture_school_cage
staticobj_furniture_lab_microscope
staticobj_furniture_phonebox
staticobj_furniture_dirtpile_small_house
staticobj_furniture_class_case_a_open
staticobj_furniture_basketball_korb
staticobj_furniture_lobby_chair
staticobj_furniture_lobby_case
staticobj_furniture_lab_erlenmeyer_flask
staticobj_furniture_light_bathroom
staticobj_furniture_drapes_long
staticobj_furniture_sofa_leather_new
staticobj_furniture_long_bench
staticobj_furniture_lab_volume_beaker
staticobj_furniture_bar_shelves_dz
staticobj_furniture_shelf_1side
staticobj_furniture_picture_e_02
staticobj_furniture_ch_mod_c
staticobj_furniture_metalcase_01
staticobj_furniture_ch_mod_h
staticobj_furniture_office_desk
staticobj_furniture_locker_open_v2
staticobj_furniture_pokladna
staticobj_furniture_canister_dz

STAIRs
staticobj_platform1_stairs_block       Ractangle Cncrt Mid
staticobj_platform2_stairs_20          cncrt stairs block
staticobj_platform2_stairs_30_wallr    cncrt wall for stairs
staticobj_platform1_stairs_20
staticobj_platform2_stairs_30_walll
staticobj_platform1_stairs_30_wallr    
staticobj_platform1_stairs_30_walll
staticobj_platform1_stairs_30
staticobj_platform2_stairs_30
staticobj_pipe_small_stairs
staticobj_road_sidewalk_stairs

TRAIN BUILDNs
Land_Rail_Station_Big
Land_Rail_Station_Small
Land_Rail_Warehouse_Small

TRAINs
Land_Train_742_Blue
Land_Train_742_Red
Land_Train_Wagon_Box
Land_Train_Wagon_Tanker

TRAIN TRACKEEEEEE
staticobj_rail_tracke_turnoutl            switch left xtr dirt
staticobj_rail_tracke_turnoutr            switch right xtr dirt
staticobj_rail_tracke_2                   tiny straight xtr drit
staticobj_rail_tracke_4                   short straight xtr dirt
staticobj_rail_tracke_8                   mid straight xtr dirt
staticobj_rail_tracke_25                  mid straight xtr dirt
staticobj_rail_tracke_r25_5               short slight right xtr dirt
staticobj_rail_tracke_l25_5               short slight left xtr dirt
staticobj_rail_tracke_r25_10              mid slight right xtr dirt     
staticobj_rail_tracke_l25_10              mid sligt left xtr dirt
staticobj_rail_tracke_l30_20              long slight left xtr dirt
staticobj_rail_tracke_r30_20              long slight right xtr dirt
staticobj_rail_tracke_40                  long straight xtr dirt

TRAIN TRACKs
staticobj_rail_track_25                   xtr long flat
staticobj_rail_track_sp                   short flat
staticobj_rail_track_l25_10               xtr long left flat
staticobj_rail_track_r25_10               xtr long right flat
staticobj_rail_track_le1_rb               right short start bend long end ruind flat
staticobj_rail_track_le_rb                s zigzag right flat
staticobj_rail_track_lb1_re
staticobj_rail_track_lb_re
staticobj_rail_track_turnoutl             switch left flat
staticobj_rail_track_turnoutr             switch right flat
staticobj_rail_track_up_25                mid up xtr dirt at end
staticobj_rail_track_up_40                long up xtr dirt at end
staticobj_rail_track_down_25              mid down xtr dirt at start
staticobj_rail_track_down_40              long down xtr dirt at start
staticobj_rail_track_passing_10           crossn cncrt ramp short
staticobj_rail_track_passing_25           crossn cncrt ramp long
staticobj_rail_platform_cross

BRIDGEs
staticobj_bridge_metal_25
staticobj_bridge_wood_25
staticobj_bridge_wood_50
staticobj_bridge_stone_25
staticobj_bridge_metal_25_1

TRAIN BRIDGEs
staticobj_rail_bridge_15                  bridge straight
staticobj_rail_bridge_15_3tracks          bridge 3 track thicc
staticobj_rail_bridge_15_curve            bridge slight curve
staticobj_rail_bridge_15_end              bridge straight
staticobj_rail_bridge_40                  ?

STATUEs MONUMENTs
staticobj_statue_general               male statue
staticobj_statue_enoch1                female naked statue
staticobj_monument_wall                wall w/ dead ppl
staticobj_monument_war1                cncrt long pointy oblisc / pilar
staticobj_monument_war2                matel dark guy
staticobj_monument_soldiers            cncrt platues w soldiers
staticobj_monument_enoch2              bronze small statue
staticobj_monument_enoch1              cncrt small oblisc / pilar

CAMOs
staticobj_mil_camonet_side_nato
staticobj_mil_camonet_big_nato
staticobj_mil_camonet_tent2
staticobj_mil_camonet_side_east
staticobj_mil_camonet_big_east

SHIPs
Land_Ship_Big_FrontA
Land_Ship_Big_FrontB
Land_Ship_Big_BackA
Land_Ship_Big_BackB
Land_Ship_Big_Castle
Land_Boathouse
staticobj_wreck_ship_medium_back
staticobj_wreck_ship_medium_front
staticobj_wreck_ship_big_lifeboat

PIER BLOCKs
staticobj_pier_concrete3_fuel           Bridge / Dock Cncrt Pillars for Ships
staticobj_pier_concrete2_end
staticobj_pier_concrete1_tbig
staticobj_pier_concrete1_l10
staticobj_pier_concrete1_l30
staticobj_pier_concrete1_end
staticobj_pier_concrete1
staticobj_pier_concrete1_cornerin
staticobj_pier_concrete1_tsmall
staticobj_pier_concrete3_1
staticobj_pier_concrete3_2
staticobj_pier_concrete1_l
staticobj_pier_concrete3_end
staticobj_pier_concrete1_cornerout
staticobj_pier_concrete2
staticobj_pier_crane_rails_end
staticobj_pier_wooden2
staticobj_pier_wooden1
staticobj_pier_wooden1_end
staticobj_pier_crane_rails

CONCRETE BLOCKs
staticobj_misc_concreteblock2
staticobj_misc_concreteblock2_damaged
staticobj_rail_concreteramp
staticobj_misc_concreteblock1
staticobj_target_concrete_block
staticobj_panels_concrete
staticobj_rail_linebreak_concrete
staticobj_panel_concrete_dam
staticobj_misc_concreteblock1_end
staticobj_misc_concretepanels
staticobj_misc_concretepipe
staticobj_target_concrete1
staticobj_target_concrete2
staticobj_target_concrete_ramp
staticobj_panel_concrete_1
staticobj_panel_concrete_2
staticobj_misc_hedgehog_concrete

ROADs
staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_100
staticobj_roads_partasf2_1_1000
staticobj_roads_partasf1_30_25
staticobj_roads_partasf1_7_100
staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_100
staticobj_roads_partasf3_30_25
staticobj_roads_partasf2_7_100
staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf1_city
staticobj_roads_partkr_t_city_asf3
staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf2_asf2
staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf2_asf3
staticobj_roads_partasf3_7_100
staticobj_roads_partasf1_1_1000
staticobj_roads_partasf1_6_crosswalk
staticobj_roads_partgrav_12
staticobj_roads_partcity_6
staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_25
staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_50
staticobj_roads_partmud_6konec
staticobj_roads_partcity_12
staticobj_roads_partcity_25
staticobj_roads_partmud_60_10
staticobj_road_sidewalk4_narrow_4m
staticobj_roads_partrunway_dirt_3
staticobj_roads_partmud_15_75
staticobj_roads_partrunway_main_40
staticobj_roads_partrunway_beton_end2
staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_2_end
staticobj_roads_partcity_0_2000
staticobj_road_sidewalk4_8m
staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_75
staticobj_roads_partmud_10_25
staticobj_roads_partgrav_22_50
staticobj_roads_partmud_10_50
staticobj_roads_partmud_10_75
staticobj_roads_partrunway_main

WALLs
staticobj_wall_wood2_5_end
staticobj_wall_wood1d_5_pole
staticobj_wall_wood4_pole
staticobj_wall_wood1_5_pole
staticobj_wall_woodvil_4
staticobj_wall_wood1d_5_2
staticobj_wall_wood3_4_end
staticobj_wall_wood2_5_d
staticobj_wall_woodf_5_end
staticobj_wall_wood1_5_2
staticobj_wall_wood1_5
staticobj_wall_wood4_end1
staticobj_wall_wood4_end2
staticobj_wall_woodvil_4_pole
staticobj_wall_wood2_5
staticobj_wall_wood2_5_end_2
staticobj_wall_woodvil_4_2
staticobj_wall_wood1d_5
staticobj_wall_wood3_4
staticobj_wall_woodf_5
staticobj_wall_woodf_5_2
staticobj_wall_wood4_4
staticobj_wall_wood2_5_pole
staticobj_wall_indcnc3_1_4
staticobj_wall_cyel_corner
staticobj_wall_cyel_5
staticobj_wall_cncsmall_4
staticobj_wall_polewall_5_1
staticobj_wall_cncsmall_8
staticobj_wall_indfnc2_3_hole
staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4
staticobj_wall_railing_1_pole
staticobj_wall_cgry_corner_2
staticobj_wall_indfnc_3_d
staticobj_wall_fen3_4
staticobj_wall_indcnc3_1_d
staticobj_wall_indfnc_corner
staticobj_wall_tin_5
staticobj_wall_tin_pole
staticobj_wall_indvar1_pole
staticobj_wall_indcnc4_4
staticobj_wall_indcnc4_d
staticobj_wall_forfieldfen_1
staticobj_wall_fen7_pole
staticobj_wall_garbcont_corner
staticobj_wall_cyel_end
staticobj_wall_indfnc_9
staticobj_wall_indvar3_5_d
staticobj_wall_cbrk_end
staticobj_wall_vilvar2_pole
staticobj_wall_fen4_d_nolc
staticobj_wall_fenstadium
staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4_end
staticobj_wall_fenforest_pole
staticobj_wall_railing_endl
staticobj_wall_indcnc_end_3
staticobj_wall_railing_1_endl
staticobj_wall_railing_1_endr
staticobj_wall_tin6_2_4
staticobj_wall_fen2_6_hole
staticobj_wall_indvar2_5_d
staticobj_wall_fen4_8
staticobj_wall_fen4_d
staticobj_wall_fen1_5
staticobj_platform1_wall
staticobj_wall_fen5_5
staticobj_busstation_wall
staticobj_wall_barricade1_10
staticobj_wall_railing_1_slope
staticobj_wall_pipefence_8
staticobj_wall_indfnc2_3_d
staticobj_walls_end
staticobj_wall_tin7_4
staticobj_wall_silagewall_5
staticobj_wall_indfnc2_3
staticobj_platform2_wall
staticobj_wall_indcnc3_2_4
staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4_d
staticobj_wall_cncbarrier_block
staticobj_wall_indvar2_5
staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_4
staticobj_wall_fen5_10_d
staticobj_wall_indcnc_10
staticobj_wall_vilvar1_pole
staticobj_ruin_doorwall
staticobj_wall_feng_pole
staticobj_wall_fen4_pole
staticobj_wall_indvar1_5_d_2
staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4_2
staticobj_wall_barricade1_4
staticobj_wall_indcnch_10
staticobj_wall_cncbarrier_4block
staticobj_wall_fen5_pole
staticobj_wall_fenw_7
staticobj_wall_polewall_end
staticobj_wall_fen4_4_nolc
staticobj_wall_silagewall_pole
staticobj_wall_forfieldfen_end
staticobj_wall_vilvar1_6
staticobj_wall_fen1_5_hole
staticobj_wall_stone2d
staticobj_wall_indvar3_5
staticobj_wall_tincom_pole
staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_d
staticobj_wall_cyel_end2
staticobj_wall_indcnc3_2_d
staticobj_wall_milcncbarrier
staticobj_wall_cgry_5
staticobj_wall_indcnc_4_d
staticobj_wall_indcnc4_8
staticobj_wall_fen6_8
staticobj_wall_fenr_3
staticobj_wall_cgrylow_5
staticobj_wall_stone
staticobj_wall_indvar1_5_2
staticobj_wall_cgrylow_end1
staticobj_wall_indcnc3_pole
staticobj_wall_fen3_8
staticobj_wall_milcnc_4
staticobj_wall_fen6_pole
staticobj_wall_canal_10
staticobj_wall_tin7_pole
staticobj_wall_silagewall_5_d
staticobj_wall_fen3_d
staticobj_wall_cnc_5
staticobj_wall_fen5_10
staticobj_wall_cgry_corner
staticobj_wall_cbrk_corner
staticobj_wall_forfieldfen_2
staticobj_wall_tincom_3
staticobj_wall_fenforest_5_d
staticobj_wall_indvar3_pole
staticobj_wall_garbcont
staticobj_wall_tin_4
staticobj_wall_indcnc_end_2
staticobj_wall_railing_endr
staticobj_wall_indfnc_3_hole
staticobj_wall_tin6_1_pole
staticobj_ruin_wall
staticobj_wall_stoned
staticobj_wall_fen7_4
staticobj_wall_stone2
staticobj_wall_fen2_6
staticobj_wall_fen4_4
staticobj_wall_fenw_7_d
staticobj_wall_pipefence_4_nolc
staticobj_wall_indcnc3_end
staticobj_wall_feng_3
staticobj_wall_pipefencewall_8
staticobj_wall_indcnc4_pole
staticobj_wall_railing_1
staticobj_wall_indcnc2_3
staticobj_wall_indfnc2_corner
staticobj_wall_fen3_pole
staticobj_wall_indcnch_5
staticobj_wall_tincom_9
staticobj_wall_polewall_5_2
staticobj_wall_fen1_5_pole
staticobj_wall_cgry_end
staticobj_wall_indcnc_4
staticobj_wall_tin_4_2
staticobj_wall_indcnc_pole
staticobj_wall_tin7_8
staticobj_wall_indfnc_pole
staticobj_wall_fenforest_5
staticobj_wall_fen1_5_2
staticobj_wall_indfnc2_pole
staticobj_wall_railing_2_slope
staticobj_wall_fenw_7_s
staticobj_wall_indvar2_pole
staticobj_wall_pipefence_4
staticobj_wall_indfnc_3
staticobj_wall_tincom_9_2
staticobj_wall_indvar1_5_d
staticobj_wall_tin6_1_4
staticobj_wall_fenr_pole
staticobj_wall_cgrylow_end2
staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_8
staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_pole
staticobj_wall_indvar1_5
staticobj_wall_milcnc_corner
staticobj_wall_railing_2
staticobj_wall_indfnc2_9
staticobj_wall_fen2_pole
staticobj_wall_cbrk_5
staticobj_wall_fenvineyard

RUBBLE BLOCKs
staticobj_hotel_damaged_rubble
staticobj_ruin_rubble
staticobj_rubble_dirtpile_medium1
staticobj_rubble_dirtpile_medium2
staticobj_rubble_dirtpile_large
staticobj_rubble_concrete1
staticobj_rubble_concrete2
staticobj_rubble_concrete3
staticobj_rubble_bricks1
staticobj_rubble_bricks2
staticobj_rubble_bricks3
staticobj_rubble_rocks1
staticobj_rubble_rocks2
staticobj_rubble_glass
staticobj_rubble_wood1
staticobj_rubble_wood2
staticobj_rubble_wood3
staticobj_rubble_metal1
staticobj_rubble_metal2
staticobj_rubble_metal3

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

staticobj_cemetery_fence1
staticobj_cemetery_fence2
staticobj_cemetery_fence3
staticobj_cemetery_fence4
staticobj_pipe_med_ground1
staticobj_pipe_med_ground2
staticobj_ruin_housebig1_half_proxy_01
staticobj_misc_seesaw
staticobj_pipe_big_18m_ladder
staticobj_mine_tunnel
staticobj_misc_carousel_small
staticobj_decal_damage_long1
staticobj_power_transformerstation_cables
staticobj_power_hv_line_turn
staticobj_busstation_roof_long
staticobj_power_wiretel_50_main
staticobj_lamp_harbour
staticobj_quarry_conveyer
staticobj_ruin_church
staticobj_forest_anthill
staticobj_mine_rail
staticobj_misc_pallets1
staticobj_misc_pallets2
staticobj_misc_pallets3
staticobj_garbage_container_paper
staticobj_mine_conveyer2_build
staticobj_rail_crossing_block_25
staticobj_misc_woodpile_forest1
staticobj_misc_woodpile_forest2
staticobj_misc_woodpile_forest3
staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_bottom
staticobj_decal_dirt_rocks2
staticobj_airfield_landmark
staticobj_power_pole_wood4_lamp
staticobj_pipe_small_ground1
staticobj_pipe_small_ground2
staticobj_mine_rail_end
staticobj_power_hv_line_damaged
staticobj_garbage_ground_6m
staticobj_bed_large_metal_broken
staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a_end
staticobj_power_wire_50
staticobj_pipe_small2_high_ground
staticobj_classroom_case_b_broken
staticobj_misc_coil
staticobj_rail_crossing_barrier
staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_multiple
staticobj_forest_beetletrap3
staticobj_shed_open_big2_complete
staticobj_misc_woodreserve
staticobj_quarry_hammermill
staticobj_misc_woodblock
staticobj_tribune
staticobj_wreck_decal_small1
staticobj_decal_oilstain2
staticobj_decal_oilstain3
staticobj_decal_oilstain4
staticobj_misc_noticeboard1
staticobj_misc_noticeboard2
staticobj_pipe_small_r45
staticobj_pipe_small2_high_24m
staticobj_misc_woodtable_outdoor
staticobj_decal_damage_medium8
staticobj_chair_leisure_crushed
staticobj_airfield_lamp
staticobj_power_pole_wood6_end
staticobj_ruin_house_1w02_proxy
staticobj_ruin_corner2
staticobj_pipe_small_l90
staticobj_misc_postbox1
staticobj_pipe_small_r90
staticobj_ruin_house_2b01_proxy
staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_half_proxy_overgrowth
staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_20deg
staticobj_misc_windbreak
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone5_damaged
staticobj_misc_obstacle_crawl
staticobj_misc_hedgehog_iron
staticobj_ruin_housebig2_half_proxy_overgrowth
staticobj_airfield_light_papi1
staticobj_airfield_light_papi2
staticobj_airfield_light_papi4
staticobj_sidewalk3_border
staticobj_racks_crushed
staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_big
staticobj_decal_damage_long9
staticobj_ruin_housesmall2_proxy_overgrowth
staticobj_hotel_damaged_airplane_back
staticobj_misc_woodencrate_5x
staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth_template
staticobj_shellcrater1
staticobj_ruin_house_total
staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_up
staticobj_misc_cinderblocks
staticobj_classroom_case_a
staticobj_classroom_case_b
staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a_j
staticobj_container_1c
staticobj_container_1d
staticobj_container_2a
staticobj_container_2b
staticobj_container_2c
staticobj_container_2d
staticobj_rail_polett1
staticobj_lamp_decorative
staticobj_slum_roof3
staticobj_slum_roof5
staticobj_wreck_trailer_cistern
staticobj_misc_tirepile_large
staticobj_misc_chair_camp1
staticobj_misc_chair_camp2
staticobj_tank_small_white
staticobj_ruin_house_2b02_proxy
staticobj_misc_tree_protector
staticobj_power_wire_50_main
staticobj_platform1_block
staticobj_decal_dirt_damage_long1
staticobj_misc_obstacle_runaround
staticobj_path_panels
staticobj_road_sidewalk5_wide_corner
staticobj_roads_partasf2_60_10
staticobj_dead_massgrave_8m
staticobj_misc_haybale
staticobj_ruin_housebig2_proxy_overgrowth
staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf1_asf2
staticobj_platform2_block
staticobj_ruin_houseblock_corner_total
staticobj_garbage_container
staticobj_roads_partcity_10_75
staticobj_sidewalk2_1m
staticobj_misc_cover_big
staticobj_mine_rail_tram
staticobj_misc_range_pistol
staticobj_roads_partrunwayold_40_main
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch06
staticobj_chair
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch09
staticobj_dead_massgrave_15m
staticobj_ruin_housebig3_proxy_01
staticobj_wreck_hmmwv_de
staticobj_skilift_tower_middle
staticobj_cementworks_silobig1bridge
staticobj_misc_through_trailer
staticobj_rail_platform_start
staticobj_rail_linebreak_iron
staticobj_pipe_big_18m
staticobj_mil_blastcover4_grass_l
staticobj_mil_blastcover4_grass_r
staticobj_road_sidewalk4_border_8m
staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix2
staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix3
staticobj_roads_partmud_12
staticobj_misc_flagpole
staticobj_airfield_light_edge
staticobj_roads_partmud_25
staticobj_roads_partcity_30_25
staticobj_misc_barricade
staticobj_skilift_tower_start
staticobj_pipe_small2_curve
staticobj_roads_partasf1_25
staticobj_mil_blastcover1
staticobj_sidewalk3_narrow_corner
staticobj_cemetery_fence_straight
staticobj_misc_table_market
staticobj_cementworks_conveyortowera
staticobj_cementworks_conveyortowerc
staticobj_misc_gasmetercabinet
staticobj_coalplant_conveyor
staticobj_pipe_med_9m
staticobj_drapes_torn
staticobj_classroom_case_a_crushed
staticobj_roads_partcity_6konec
staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank1
staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2
staticobj_roads_partmud_7_100
staticobj_misc_bench7
staticobj_misc_surveymarker_rod
staticobj_misc_football_line_hcircle
staticobj_roads_partcity_7_100
staticobj_roads_partgrav_0_2000
staticobj_garbage_pile1
staticobj_garbage_pile2
staticobj_garbage_pile3
staticobj_garbage_pile4
staticobj_garbage_pile5
staticobj_garbage_pile6
staticobj_garbage_pile7
staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix5
staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix6
staticobj_decal_heli_army
staticobj_barn_hopper
staticobj_cableway_base_rope1
staticobj_cableway_base_rope2
staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_2
staticobj_road_sinkhole_sila
staticobj_misc_carousel
staticobj_pipe_small2_24m
staticobj_roads_partmud_22_50
staticobj_misc_table_camp
staticobj_decal_oilstain1
staticobj_power_transformer_small
staticobj_roads_partgrav_25
staticobj_misc_obstacle_bridge
staticobj_pipe_medl_buildr
staticobj_misc_boundarystone
staticobj_shellcrater2_decal
staticobj_power_pole_wood5_end
staticobj_shellcrater2_small
staticobj_roadblock_bags_endl
staticobj_roadblock_bags_endr
staticobj_platform1_ramp
staticobj_sidewalk3_wide_corner
staticobj_garbage_container2_closed
staticobj_decal_damage_medium10
staticobj_tank_small_rusty
staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a_j_nest
staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_10deg
staticobj_misc_bagfence_round
staticobj_roads_partrunway_beton_end1
staticobj_ruin_church2_01_proxy
staticobj_pipe_small_valve
staticobj_carpet_big_dirty2
staticobj_mine_conveyer1_begin
staticobj_misc_boardspack1
staticobj_misc_boardspack2
staticobj_misc_boardspack3
staticobj_roads_partasf1_60_10
staticobj_roads_partasf2_30_25
staticobj_roads_partasf2_0_2000
staticobj_misc_woodencrate
staticobj_power_hv_line_turnr
staticobj_pipe_small_broken
staticobj_lamp_rail
staticobj_ruin_church2_02_proxy
staticobj_roads_partasf1_0_2000
staticobj_hotel_damaged_airplane_wing
staticobj_roadblock_bags_curve
staticobj_pipe_medl_cornerl
staticobj_roads_partgrav_6
staticobj_sidewalk3_narrow_4m
staticobj_lobby_table
staticobj_pipe_small_20m
staticobj_ruin_corner1
staticobj_forest_beetletrap1
staticobj_forest_beetletrap2
staticobj_ruin_houseblock_half
staticobj_misc_cover_small
staticobj_racks_broken
staticobj_ruin_church2_03_proxy
staticobj_wreck_decal_big
staticobj_mine_hopper_build
staticobj_hotel_damaged_decal1
staticobj_hotel_damaged_decal2
staticobj_roadblock_cncblocks_short
staticobj_roads_partasf1_15_75
staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_low
staticobj_roads_partasf3_60_10
staticobj_misc_range_line
staticobj_misc_obstacle_cross
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone1
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone2
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone3
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone4
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone5
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone6
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone7
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone8
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone9
staticobj_misc_surveymarker_post
staticobj_ruin_church2_04_proxy
staticobj_misc_sewercover
staticobj_roads_partasf2_15_75
staticobj_roadblock_pillbox
staticobj_road_sidewalk5_narrow_corner
staticobj_shellcrater1_decal
staticobj_cemetery_smallcross
staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a
staticobj_roads_partasf3_6konec
staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_pile
staticobj_power_pole_wood6_h
staticobj_roads_partmud_6
staticobj_roads_partasf2_12
staticobj_power_hv_line_80m_damaged
staticobj_roads_partasf2_25
staticobj_roads_partkr_x_city_city
staticobj_sidewalk3_border_nolc
staticobj_roads_partasf3_15_75
staticobj_drapes_long_torn
staticobj_misc_sandbox
staticobj_road_sidewalk4_narrow_8m
staticobj_misc_haybale_packed_stack
staticobj_misc_table_large
staticobj_misc_razorwire
staticobj_power_pole_wood6_j
staticobj_roads_partgrav_6konec
staticobj_ruin_housebig3_half_proxy_overgrowth
staticobj_lamp_city1
staticobj_lamp_city2
staticobj_lamp_city3
staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_25
staticobj_roads_partmud_10_100
staticobj_ruin_house_1w06_proxy
staticobj_ruin_house_1w11_proxy
staticobj_airfield_light_papi3
staticobj_misc_woodencrate_3x
staticobj_target_support
staticobj_garbage_bin2
staticobj_classroom_case_b_crushed
staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_50
staticobj_wreck_bmp2_de
staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_b
staticobj_misc_pallet
staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_g
staticobj_misc_advertcolumn
staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_r
staticobj_platform1_angle
staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_single
staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_y
staticobj_busstop_village
staticobj_power_pole_wood2
staticobj_power_pole_wood3
staticobj_power_pole_wood4
staticobj_power_pole_wood5
staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2_grass_top
staticobj_rail_bridge_40
staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_75
staticobj_rail_bridge_15
staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_25
staticobj_shellcrater2_large
staticobj_ruin_housebig3_proxy_overgrowth
staticobj_misc_dragonteeth
staticobj_ruin_housebig3_half_proxy_01
staticobj_slum_roof1
staticobj_slum_roof2
staticobj_ruin_chimney
staticobj_garbage_container_plastic
staticobj_pipe_big_smallconl
staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_50
staticobj_pipe_big_smallconr
staticobj_decal_dirt_damage_long2
staticobj_roads_partmud_1_1000
staticobj_platform2_angle
staticobj_garbage_groundsq_3m
staticobj_bed_large_metal
staticobj_wreck_t72_chassis_de
staticobj_misc_haybale_packed
staticobj_tank_medium
staticobj_classroom_case_a_broken
staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_25
staticobj_misc_haybale_decayed
staticobj_cementworks_conveyorfurnace
staticobj_rail_polef
staticobj_roads_partasf1_6
staticobj_wreck_bmp1
staticobj_misc_pipes
staticobj_misc_range_roof
staticobj_case_bedroom_a
staticobj_case_bedroom_b
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch02
staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_50
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch05
staticobj_roads_partasf2_6konec
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch08
staticobj_road_sidewalk5_wide
staticobj_garbage_groundsq_5m
staticobj_ruin_house_2w02_proxy
staticobj_misc_gcontainer_big
staticobj_sidewalk1_1m
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch11
staticobj_misc_feedrack
staticobj_power_pole_wood4_end
staticobj_road_sidewalk4_corner
staticobj_ruin_house_2w03_proxy
staticobj_roads_partgrav_30_25
staticobj_road_sidewalk5_narrow
staticobj_ruin_housebig2_half_proxy_01
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone10
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone11
staticobj_ruin_house_2b03_proxy
staticobj_misc_timbers1
staticobj_misc_timbers2
staticobj_misc_timbers3
staticobj_misc_timbers4
staticobj_ruin_house_1b01_1_proxy
staticobj_roads_partpath_rock_curve
staticobj_wreck_digger
staticobj_decal_dirt_damage_long3
staticobj_pipe_small_l45
staticobj_rail_crossing_block_10
staticobj_container_2e
staticobj_chair_crushed
staticobj_sidewalk3_narrow_12m
staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_multiple_redwhite
staticobj_ruin_house_2w04_proxy
staticobj_mil_blastcover2
staticobj_mil_blastcover3
staticobj_mil_blastcover4
staticobj_rail_polett2
staticobj_ruin_house_2w01_proxy
staticobj_airfield_light_navig
staticobj_garbage_pile8
staticobj_roads_partcity_60_10
staticobj_ruin_house_1b01_2_proxy
staticobj_ruin_housesmall2_proxy_bricks
staticobj_roads_partgrav_7_100
staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_75
staticobj_ruin_housebig2_proxy_02
staticobj_road_sidewalk4_narrow_2m
staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix4
staticobj_misc_transformer
staticobj_roads_partmud_0_2000
staticobj_roads_partrunway_end15
staticobj_cemetery_tombstone8_damaged
staticobj_ruin_house_1w12_proxy
staticobj_rail_polet
staticobj_roads_partrunway_end33
staticobj_pipe_small2_high_8m
staticobj_roads_partasf1_6konec
staticobj_lamp_stadium
staticobj_roads_partkr_x_city_city_asf3
staticobj_roads_partasf3_12
staticobj_mine_conveyer1_endbuild
staticobj_roads_partasf1_22_50
staticobj_misc_mysteriousbell
staticobj_road_sidewalk4_4m
staticobj_roads_partasf3_25
staticobj_skilift_tower_end
staticobj_misc_stadiumbenches
staticobj_sidewalk3_wide_4m
staticobj_airfield_light_reflector
staticobj_roads_partkr_x_asf1_city
staticobj_roadblock_cncblock
staticobj_roads_partcity_15_75
staticobj_ruin_house_2b04_proxy
staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_t_1
staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_t_2
staticobj_misc_range_single
staticobj_piano_broken
staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank1_grass
staticobj_roads_partasf2_22_50
staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2_grass_l
staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2_grass_r
staticobj_sidewalk3_wide_12m
staticobj_skilift_rope_start
staticobj_bed_large_metal_crushed
staticobj_wreck_trailer_flat
staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf3_mud
staticobj_ruin_housesmall2_proxy
staticobj_cementworks_conveyor_up1
staticobj_cementworks_conveyor_up2
staticobj_cementworks_conveyor_up3
staticobj_decal_dirt_rocks1
staticobj_wreck_t72_turret
staticobj_mil_aircraftshelter_grass_l
staticobj_mil_aircraftshelter_grass_r
staticobj_roads_partrunway_dirt_1
staticobj_roads_partrunway_dirt_2
staticobj_chair_broken
staticobj_misc_football_line_corner
staticobj_misc_trafficlights
staticobj_roads_partasf3_22_50
staticobj_picture_g
staticobj_carpet_big_dirty
staticobj_pipe_big_support
staticobj_roads_partasf2_6
staticobj_misc_sunshade
staticobj_misc_boxwooden
staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_spoj
staticobj_busstation_corner
staticobj_sidewalk1_end
staticobj_busstation_roof_big
staticobj_pipe_small2_8m
staticobj_roads_partcity_10_25
staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf1_asf3
staticobj_misc_tire
staticobj_forest_humanskeleton
staticobj_roads_partkr_x_asf2_asf3
staticobj_power_hv_tower
staticobj_dead_pile1
staticobj_dead_pile2
staticobj_dead_pile3
staticobj_dead_pile4
staticobj_roads_partmud_30_25
staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_spoj_2
staticobj_roads_partcity_10_50
staticobj_chair_leisure_broken
staticobj_misc_boundarystone_plastic
staticobj_ruin_church2_proxy_overgrowth
staticobj_misc_deconshower_large
staticobj_road_sidewalk4_border_2m
staticobj_pipe_big_9m
staticobj_sidewalk1_10m
staticobj_misc_bench1
staticobj_misc_bench2
staticobj_misc_bench3
staticobj_misc_bench4
staticobj_misc_bench5
staticobj_misc_bench6
staticobj_misc_bench8
staticobj_misc_bench9
staticobj_hanged_civil
staticobj_ruin_house_1w03_proxy
staticobj_power_pole_conct
staticobj_roads_partcity_10_100
staticobj_wreck_ural
staticobj_mine_rail_switch
staticobj_construction_hopper
staticobj_decal_damage_medium7
staticobj_garbage_container_glass
staticobj_sidewalk2_5m
staticobj_cemetery_grave2
staticobj_cemetery_grave3
staticobj_cemetery_grave4
staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_half_proxy_01
staticobj_quarry_conveyerlong
staticobj_transmitter_small2
staticobj_road_sidewalk4_border_4m
staticobj_wreck_decal_small2
staticobj_ruin_house_1w04_proxy
staticobj_pipe_small_u
staticobj_misc_football_line
staticobj_decal_damage_long6
staticobj_mil_blastcover1_grass
staticobj_pipe_small2_ground
staticobj_garbage_container2_open
staticobj_pipe_med_buildl
staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_1_end
staticobj_pipe_med_buildr
staticobj_platform2_enter
staticobj_rail_signals
staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_01
staticobj_misc_obstacle_pass
staticobj_misc_antenna
staticobj_roads_partcity_1_1000
staticobj_wreck_powgen
staticobj_misc_roadbarrier
staticobj_ruin_house_1w05_proxy
staticobj_chair_leisure
staticobj_mil_hbarrier_4m
staticobj_skilift_rope_end
staticobj_mil_blastcover2_grass
staticobj_cableway_rope
staticobj_mil_hbarrier_round
staticobj_mil_hbarrier_6m
staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_proxy_02
staticobj_misc_table_camp_small
staticobj_roads_partrunway_beton
staticobj_mil_hbarrier_big
staticobj_roads_partkr_t_city_city
staticobj_transmitter_box
staticobj_misc_tirepile
staticobj_misc_bagfence_corner
staticobj_mil_blastcover3_grass
staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_single_redwhite
staticobj_slum_roof4
staticobj_rail_platform_segment
staticobj_tank_small_gas
staticobj_rail_bridge_15_curve
staticobj_shed_open_small_complete
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch01
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch03
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch04
staticobj_skilift_rope_middle
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch07
staticobj_roadblock_bags_long
staticobj_mine_heap
staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_dam
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch10
staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch12
staticobj_ruin_house_1w07_proxy
staticobj_roads_partasf1_12
staticobj_cementworks_conveyormilla
staticobj_cementworks_conveyormillb
staticobj_transmitter_small1
staticobj_sidewalk1_corner
staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_mid
staticobj_roads_partpath_dirt_10
staticobj_shellcrater2_debris
staticobj_ruin_housebig2_proxy_01
staticobj_roads_partpath_dirt_30
staticobj_racks
staticobj_misc_barbedwire
staticobj_mil_artilery_rampart
staticobj_power_hv_line_turnl
staticobj_roads_partpath_dirt_curve
staticobj_path_panels_damaged
staticobj_rail_bridge_15_end
staticobj_roads_partasf3_6
staticobj_cementworks_conveyortowerb
staticobj_mine_conveyer1_10
staticobj_roads_partcity_22_50
staticobj_wreck_brdm
staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth_02_template
staticobj_misc_timbers_log1
staticobj_misc_timbers_log2
staticobj_misc_timbers_log3
staticobj_misc_timbers_log4
staticobj_misc_timbers_log5
staticobj_roads_partasf3_0_2000
staticobj_slum_roof6
staticobj_misc_table
staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth
staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_proxy_overgrowth
staticobj_roads_partkr_x_asf1_asf3
staticobj_ruin_houseblock_total
staticobj_roads_partkr_t_mud_mud
staticobj_misc_woodpile2
staticobj_furniture_dkamna_uhli
staticobj_roads_partpath_rock_10
staticobj_picture_a
staticobj_picture_b
staticobj_picture_c
staticobj_picture_d
staticobj_picture_e
staticobj_picture_f
staticobj_barn_strawstack
staticobj_pipe_medl_cornerr
staticobj_furniture_lab_petri_dish
staticobj_ruin_house_1w09_proxy
staticobj_wreck_bulldozer
staticobj_furniture_couch_beige84x213x75_dz
staticobj_roads_partpath_rock_30
staticobj_ruin_house_2w05_proxy
staticobj_furniture_office_chair
staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_100
staticobj_lamp_ind
staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_full
staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf3_asf2
staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf3_asf3
staticobj_roads_partgrav_60_10
staticobj_furniture_icebox
staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_5deg
staticobj_cemetery_grave1
staticobj_sidewalk3_wideb_4m
staticobj_furniture_boots_dz
staticobj_misc_crashbarrier
staticobj_furniture_lab_triplebeam
staticobj_sidewalk1_5m
staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_30deg
staticobj_lamp_halogen
staticobj_misc_obstacle_ramp
staticobj_hanged_doctor
staticobj_pipe_small2_high_curve
staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_proxy_01
staticobj_mil_artilery_nest
staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_100
staticobj_ruin_mil_controltower_proxy
staticobj_decal_damage_medium4
staticobj_decal_damage_medium5
staticobj_decal_damage_medium6
staticobj_misc_bagfence_3m
staticobj_furniture_carpet_big
staticobj_roadblock_cncblocks_long
staticobj_decal_damage_medium9
staticobj_misc_surveymarker_cover
staticobj_roads_partasf3_1_1000
staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_75
staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth_02
staticobj_ruin_housebig1_half_proxy_overgrowth
staticobj_power_pole_wood5_j
staticobj_shed_open_big_complete
staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_draha
staticobj_roads_partgrav_15_75
staticobj_misc_range_line_dispersions
staticobj_mil_hbarrier_1m
staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix1
staticobj_furniture_lab_bench
staticobj_roads_partgrav_1_1000
staticobj_misc_haystack
staticobj_decal_damage_long7
staticobj_decal_damage_long8
staticobj_roads_partasf2_6_crosswalk
staticobj_furniture_class_case_b_closed
staticobj_furniture_drapes
staticobj_furniture_case_sink_a
staticobj_garbage_bin
staticobj_furniture_foldingbed_open
staticobj_misc_tirepile_group
staticobj_misc_tree_pavement1
staticobj_misc_tree_pavement2
staticobj_misc_tree_pavement3
staticobj_sidewalk1_tcross
staticobj_furniture_patient_monitor
staticobj_furniture_metal_cutting_saw
staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_1
staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_skull
Land_Mil_Fortified_Nest_Watchtower
StaticObj_Misc_WoodPile1
Land_Container_1Bo
Land_Container_1Mo


2nd  FILE w/ BUILDINGs

staticobj_rail_tracke_l25_5
staticobj_furniture_shelfs_small","staticobj_cemetery_fence1","staticobj_cemetery_fence2","staticobj_cemetery_fence3","staticobj_cemetery_fence4","staticobj_mil_camonet_side_nato","staticobj_pipe_med_ground1","staticobj_pipe_med_ground2","staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_100","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_half_proxy_01","staticobj_furniture_radar_electronics","staticobj_misc_seesaw","staticobj_pipe_big_18m_ladder","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_1_4","staticobj_mine_tunnel","staticobj_furniture_table_drawer","staticobj_wall_cyel_corner","staticobj_platform1_stairs_block","staticobj_misc_carousel_small","staticobj_decal_damage_long1","staticobj_wall_wood2_5_end","staticobj_roads_partgrav_12","staticobj_power_transformerstation_cables","staticobj_power_hv_line_turn","staticobj_furniture_kitchen_table_a","staticobj_furniture_metalcrate","staticobj_furniture_sofa_leather_old","staticobj_busstation_roof_long","staticobj_platform1_stairs_30","staticobj_roads_partcity_6","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf1_city","staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_25","staticobj_wall_wood1d_5_pole","staticobj_furniture_hospital_bench","staticobj_pier_concrete2_end","staticobj_furniture_rack_dz","staticobj_wall_wood4_pole","staticobj_mil_camonet_big_nato","staticobj_wall_cyel_5","staticobj_wall_cncsmall_4","staticobj_wall_polewall_5_1","staticobj_wall_cncsmall_8","staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_50","staticobj_mil_camonet_tent2","staticobj_power_wiretel_50_main","staticobj_roads_partasf2_1_1000","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_3_hole","staticobj_roads_partmud_6konec","staticobj_lamp_harbour","staticobj_quarry_conveyer","staticobj_furniture_drill","staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4","staticobj_furniture_picture_f_02","staticobj_ruin_church","staticobj_roads_partasf1_30_25","staticobj_forest_anthill","staticobj_roads_partcity_12","staticobj_mine_rail","staticobj_misc_pallets1","staticobj_misc_pallets2","staticobj_misc_pallets3","staticobj_garbage_container_paper","staticobj_roads_partcity_25","staticobj_wall_wood1_5_pole","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_city_asf3","staticobj_mine_conveyer2_build","staticobj_platform2_stairs_20","staticobj_furniture_bar_tap_dz","staticobj_rail_tracke_r25_10","staticobj_rail_crossing_block_25","staticobj_misc_woodpile_forest1","staticobj_misc_woodpile_forest2","staticobj_misc_woodpile_forest3","staticobj_wall_railing_1_pole","staticobj_furniture_fireplace_grill","staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_bottom","staticobj_roads_partmud_60_10","staticobj_decal_dirt_rocks2","staticobj_airfield_landmark
staticobj_power_pole_wood4_lamp","staticobj_pipe_small_ground1","staticobj_pipe_small_ground2","staticobj_mine_rail_end","staticobj_power_hv_line_damaged","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_narrow_4m","staticobj_garbage_ground_6m","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf2_asf2","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf2_asf3","staticobj_bed_large_metal_broken","staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a_end","staticobj_power_wire_50","staticobj_pipe_small2_high_ground","staticobj_roads_partrunway_dirt_3","staticobj_roads_partasf1_7_100","staticobj_classroom_case_b_broken","staticobj_wall_cgry_corner_2","staticobj_furniture_vending_machine","staticobj_wall_fen3_4","staticobj_misc_coil","staticobj_rubble_bricks1","staticobj_rubble_bricks2","staticobj_rubble_bricks3","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_1_d","staticobj_rail_crossing_barrier","staticobj_furniture_radio_b","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_multiple","staticobj_furniture_class_case_b_open","staticobj_rail_tracke_l25_10","staticobj_wall_indfnc_3_d","staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_100","staticobj_forest_beetletrap3","staticobj_shed_open_big2_complete","staticobj_wall_indfnc_corner","staticobj_furniture_sofacorner","staticobj_misc_woodreserve","staticobj_quarry_hammermill","staticobj_roads_partasf3_30_25","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_v2","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_v3","staticobj_misc_woodblock","staticobj_tribune","staticobj_furniture_lab_sink","staticobj_wreck_ship_big_lifeboat","staticobj_roads_partasf2_7_100","staticobj_furniture_lab_beaker","staticobj_wreck_decal_small1","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_blue_v1","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_blue_v2","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_blue_v3","staticobj_wall_woodvil_4","staticobj_bridge_metal_25","staticobj_decal_oilstain2","staticobj_decal_oilstain3","staticobj_decal_oilstain4","staticobj_roads_partmud_15_75","staticobj_misc_noticeboard1","staticobj_misc_noticeboard2","staticobj_furniture_radar_rack","staticobj_platform1_stairs_20","staticobj_roads_partrunway_main_40","staticobj_pipe_small_r45","staticobj_pipe_small2_high_24m","staticobj_roads_partrunway_beton_end2","staticobj_misc_woodtable_outdoor","staticobj_furniture_fridge","staticobj_decal_damage_medium8","staticobj_furniture_wheel_cart_dz","staticobj_chair_leisure_crushed","staticobj_rubble_concrete3","staticobj_wall_tin_5","staticobj_furniture_conference_table_a","staticobj_rubble_dirtpile_large","staticobj_airfield_lamp","staticobj_wall_tin_pole","staticobj_furniture_pultskasou","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_2_end","staticobj_power_pole_wood6_end","staticobj_pier_tube_big","staticobj_roads_partasf3_7_100","staticobj_furniture_picture_a_02","staticobj_furniture_picture_a_03","staticobj_furniture_picture_a_04","staticobj_furniture_picture_a_05","staticobj_roads_partasf1_1_1000","staticobj_pier_concrete1_tbig","staticobj_wall_indvar1_pole","staticobj_ruin_house_1w02_proxy","staticobj_ruin_corner2","staticobj_pier_tube_small","staticobj_pipe_small_l90","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_4","staticobj_misc_postbox1","staticobj_pier_concrete1_l10","staticobj_roads_partcity_0_2000","staticobj_pipe_small_r90","staticobj_rubble_wood2","staticobj_roads_partasf1_6_crosswalk","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_d","staticobj_ruin_house_2b01_proxy","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_8m","staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_half_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_20deg","staticobj_pier_concrete1_l30","staticobj_misc_windbreak","staticobj_monument_wall","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone5_damaged","staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_75","staticobj_misc_obstacle_crawl","staticobj_misc_hedgehog_iron","staticobj_ruin_housebig2_half_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_wall_forfieldfen_1","staticobj_airfield_light_papi1","staticobj_airfield_light_papi2","staticobj_airfield_light_papi4","staticobj_sidewalk3_border","staticobj_racks_crushed","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_big","staticobj_wall_fen7_pole","staticobj_rail_track_up_40","staticobj_decal_damage_long9","staticobj_ruin_housesmall2_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_wall_garbcont_corner","staticobj_fueldstation_shed","staticobj_furniture_metalcase_02","staticobj_hotel_damaged_airplane_back","staticobj_furniture_bucket","staticobj_misc_woodencrate_5x","staticobj_wall_cyel_end","staticobj_monument_war1","staticobj_monument_war2","staticobj_misc_boogieman","staticobj_furniture_metalcrate_02","staticobj_wall_indfnc_9","staticobj_roads_partmud_10_25","staticobj_wreck_ship_medium_back","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth_template","staticobj_furniture_stul_kuch_1","staticobj_shellcrater1","staticobj_furniture_kitchen_unit_a_dz","staticobj_ruin_house_total","staticobj_furniture_pc","staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_up","staticobj_wall_wood1d_5_2","staticobj_misc_cinderblocks","staticobj_roads_partgrav_22_50","staticobj_classroom_case_a","staticobj_classroom_case_b","staticobj_roads_partmud_10_50","staticobj_wall_indvar3_5_d","staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a_j","staticobj_container_1c","staticobj_container_1d","staticobj_wall_cbrk_end","staticobj_wall_vilvar2_pole","staticobj_container_2a","staticobj_container_2b","staticobj_container_2c","staticobj_container_2d","staticobj_roads_partmud_10_75","staticobj_furniture_skrin_bar","staticobj_wall_fen4_d_nolc","staticobj_rail_polett1","staticobj_roads_partrunway_main","staticobj_lamp_decorative","staticobj_slum_roof3","staticobj_bridge_wood_25","staticobj_pier_crane_rails_end","staticobj_slum_roof5","staticobj_wreck_trailer_cistern","staticobj_rail_tracke_25","staticobj_misc_tirepile_large","staticobj_furniture_debris_small_house","staticobj_rubble_rocks1","staticobj_misc_chair_camp1","staticobj_misc_chair_camp2","staticobj_tank_small_white","staticobj_wall_fenstadium","staticobj_ruin_house_2b02_proxy","staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4_end","staticobj_misc_tree_protector","staticobj_rail_tracke_40","staticobj_power_wire_50_main","staticobj_platform1_block","staticobj_bridge_wood_50","staticobj_wall_fenforest_pole","staticobj_decal_dirt_damage_long1","staticobj_misc_obstacle_runaround","staticobj_furniture_class_case_a_closed","staticobj_furniture_tools_racking","staticobj_rail_track_le1_rb","staticobj_path_panels","staticobj_wall_railing_endl","staticobj_furniture_almara_open","staticobj_road_sidewalk5_wide_corner","staticobj_roads_partasf2_60_10","staticobj_wall_indcnc_end_3","staticobj_wall_railing_1_endl","staticobj_furniture_picture_g_02","staticobj_dead_massgrave_8m","staticobj_wall_railing_1_endr","staticobj_furniture_wardrobe_a","staticobj_furniture_wardrobe_b","staticobj_misc_haybale","staticobj_wall_tin6_2_4","staticobj_furniture_school_map","staticobj_furniture_shelf","staticobj_furniture_periodic_table","staticobj_ruin_housebig2_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf1_asf2","staticobj_wall_fen2_6_hole","staticobj_furniture_table_umakart","staticobj_wall_indvar2_5_d","staticobj_platform2_block","staticobj_ruin_houseblock_corner_total","staticobj_garbage_container","staticobj_roads_partcity_10_75","staticobj_pier_concrete1_end","staticobj_sidewalk2_1m","staticobj_furniture_grinder","staticobj_misc_cover_big","staticobj_mine_rail_tram","staticobj_wall_fen4_8","staticobj_misc_range_pistol","staticobj_roads_partrunwayold_40_main","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch06","staticobj_chair","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch09","staticobj_wall_fen4_d","staticobj_wall_wood3_4_end","staticobj_furniture_hospital_transport_bed","staticobj_dead_massgrave_15m","staticobj_ruin_housebig3_proxy_01","staticobj_wreck_hmmwv_de","staticobj_skilift_tower_middle","staticobj_cementworks_silobig1bridge","staticobj_wall_fen1_5","staticobj_misc_through_trailer","staticobj_rail_platform_start","staticobj_rail_linebreak_iron","staticobj_pipe_big_18m","staticobj_platform1_wall","staticobj_mil_blastcover4_grass_l","staticobj_wall_fen5_5","staticobj_furniture_lekarnicka","staticobj_mil_blastcover4_grass_r","staticobj_busstation_wall","staticobj_misc_concreteblock2_damaged","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_border_8m","staticobj_furniture_gym_ladder","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix2","staticobj_furniture_desk_globe","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix3","staticobj_wall_wood2_5_d","staticobj_roads_partmud_12","staticobj_misc_flagpole","staticobj_rail_concreteramp","staticobj_airfield_light_edge","staticobj_roads_partmud_25","staticobj_roads_partcity_30_25","staticobj_misc_barricade","staticobj_skilift_tower_start","staticobj_wall_barricade1_10","staticobj_pipe_small2_curve","staticobj_roads_partasf1_25","staticobj_furniture_prison_toilet","staticobj_mil_blastcover1","staticobj_sidewalk3_narrow_corner","staticobj_cemetery_fence_straight","staticobj_misc_table_market","staticobj_rubble_glass","staticobj_cementworks_conveyortowera","staticobj_rail_tracke_turnoutl","staticobj_cementworks_conveyortowerc","staticobj_wall_railing_1_slope","staticobj_wall_woodf_5_end","staticobj_rail_tracke_turnoutr","staticobj_wall_pipefence_8","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_3_d","staticobj_pier_concrete1
staticobj_furniture_lab_bunsen","staticobj_misc_gasmetercabinet","staticobj_coalplant_conveyor","staticobj_furniture_vaulting_
_small","staticobj_pier_concrete1_cornerin","staticobj_wall_wood1_5_2","staticobj_pipe_med_9m","staticobj_walls_end","staticobj_wall_tin7_4","staticobj_drapes_torn","staticobj_furniture_bag_dz","staticobj_classroom_case_a_crushed","staticobj_roads_partcity_6konec","staticobj_furniture_cashier","staticobj_furniture_kitchen_desk_b","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank1","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2","staticobj_roads_partmud_7_100","staticobj_misc_bench7","staticobj_furniture_ch_office_b","staticobj_misc_surveymarker_rod","staticobj_furniture_picture_b_02","staticobj_misc_football_line_hcircle","staticobj_roads_partcity_7_100","staticobj_furniture_kitchen_chair_a","staticobj_furniture_office_table_a","staticobj_wall_silagewall_5","staticobj_roads_partgrav_0_2000","staticobj_garbage_pile1","staticobj_garbage_pile2","staticobj_garbage_pile3","staticobj_garbage_pile4","staticobj_garbage_pile5","staticobj_garbage_pile6","staticobj_garbage_pile7","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_3","staticobj_furniture_case_a","staticobj_furniture_case_d","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix5","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix6","staticobj_decal_heli_army","staticobj_barn_hopper","staticobj_cableway_base_rope1","staticobj_cableway_base_rope2","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_2","staticobj_road_sinkhole_sila","staticobj_misc_carousel","staticobj_furniture_lobby_counter","staticobj_platform2_wall","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_2_4","staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4_d","staticobj_furniture_sarcophagus","staticobj_pipe_small2_24m","staticobj_furniture_radar_panel_flat","staticobj_roads_partmud_22_50","staticobj_rail_track_25","staticobj_furniture_student_chair","staticobj_misc_table_camp","staticobj_hotel_damaged_rubble","staticobj_decal_oilstain1","staticobj_power_transformer_small","staticobj_roads_partgrav_25","staticobj_misc_obstacle_bridge","staticobj_furniture_tac_board","staticobj_pipe_medl_buildr","staticobj_wall_cncbarrier_block","staticobj_fueldstation_sign","staticobj_misc_boundarystone","staticobj_pier_wooden2","staticobj_shellcrater2_decal","staticobj_mil_camonet_side_east","staticobj_power_pole_wood5_end","staticobj_shellcrater2_small","staticobj_wall_indvar2_5","staticobj_roadblock_bags_endl","staticobj_rail_track_down_25","staticobj_roadblock_bags_endr","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_4","staticobj_wall_fen5_10_d","staticobj_platform1_ramp","staticobj_wall_indcnc_10","staticobj_wall_vilvar1_pole","staticobj_furniture_tv_a","staticobj_sidewalk3_wide_corner","staticobj_garbage_container2_closed","staticobj_decal_damage_medium10","staticobj_pipe_small_stairs","staticobj_tank_small_rusty","staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a_j_nest","staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_10deg","staticobj_furniture_wall_hanger","staticobj_rubble_concrete1","staticobj_rubble_concrete2","staticobj_misc_bagfence_round","staticobj_roads_partrunway_beton_end1","staticobj_ruin_church2_01_proxy","staticobj_rubble_wood1","staticobj_rubble_wood3","staticobj_monument_soldiers","staticobj_pipe_small_valve","staticobj_furniture_radar_rack_quad","staticobj_carpet_big_dirty2","staticobj_furniture_school_clock","staticobj_mine_conveyer1_begin","staticobj_misc_boardspack1","staticobj_misc_boardspack2","staticobj_misc_boardspack3","staticobj_roads_partasf1_60_10","staticobj_misc_concreteblock1","staticobj_misc_concreteblock2","staticobj_mil_camonet_big_east","staticobj_furniture_box_c","staticobj_roads_partasf2_30_25","staticobj_roads_partasf2_0_2000","staticobj_furniture_fluor_lamp","staticobj_misc_woodencrate","staticobj_furniture_soustruh_proxy","staticobj_power_hv_line_turnr","staticobj_pipe_small_broken","staticobj_furniture_sawhorse_dz","staticobj_lamp_rail","staticobj_ruin_church2_02_proxy","staticobj_furniture_tac_board_posters_level1","staticobj_furniture_tac_board_posters_level2","staticobj_ruin_doorwall","staticobj_furniture_vaulting_goat","staticobj_pier_concrete3_fuel","staticobj_roads_partasf1_0_2000","staticobj_target_concrete_block","staticobj_hotel_damaged_airplane_wing","staticobj_roadblock_bags_curve","staticobj_furniture_anvil","staticobj_wall_gate_cgry","staticobj_pipe_medl_cornerl","staticobj_panels_concrete","staticobj_roads_partgrav_6","staticobj_sidewalk3_narrow_4m","staticobj_lobby_table","staticobj_pipe_small_20m","staticobj_furniture_box_c_multi","staticobj_wall_feng_pole","staticobj_ruin_corner1","staticobj_wall_fen4_pole","staticobj_forest_beetletrap1","staticobj_forest_beetletrap2","staticobj_wall_wood1_5","staticobj_ruin_houseblock_half","staticobj_misc_cover_small","staticobj_furniture_piano","staticobj_rail_track_le_rb","staticobj_racks_broken","staticobj_ruin_church2_03_proxy","staticobj_wreck_decal_big","staticobj_mine_hopper_build","staticobj_hotel_damaged_decal1","staticobj_hotel_damaged_decal2","staticobj_furniture_case_a_open","staticobj_wall_indvar1_5_d_2","staticobj_roadblock_cncblocks_short","staticobj_roads_partasf1_15_75","staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_low","staticobj_roads_partasf3_60_10","staticobj_rail_track_lb1_re","staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4_2","staticobj_wall_barricade1_4","staticobj_misc_concretepipe_gate","staticobj_rubble_dirtpile_medium1","staticobj_rubble_dirtpile_medium2","staticobj_wall_indcnch_10","staticobj_wall_cncbarrier_4block","staticobj_wall_fen5_pole","staticobj_misc_range_line","staticobj_misc_obstacle_cross","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone1","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone2","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone3","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone4","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone5","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone6","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone7","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone8","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone9","staticobj_misc_surveymarker_post","staticobj_pier_wooden1","staticobj_ruin_church2_04_proxy","staticobj_wall_wood4_end1","staticobj_wall_wood4_end2","staticobj_wall_fenw_7","staticobj_furniture_anatomy_poster_1","staticobj_furniture_anatomy_poster_2","staticobj_misc_sewercover","staticobj_furniture_shelfs_small_broken","staticobj_roads_partasf2_15_75","staticobj_roadblock_pillbox","staticobj_road_sidewalk5_narrow_corner","staticobj_shellcrater1_decal","staticobj_cemetery_smallcross","staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a","staticobj_rail_track_down_40","staticobj_wall_polewall_end","staticobj_roads_partasf3_6konec","staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_pile","staticobj_power_pole_wood6_h","staticobj_roads_partmud_6","staticobj_roads_partasf2_12","staticobj_furniture_vaulting_box_large","staticobj_power_hv_line_80m_damaged","staticobj_roads_partasf2_25","staticobj_rail_linebreak_concrete","staticobj_furniture_table_crushed","staticobj_platform2_stairs_30_walll","staticobj_roads_partkr_x_city_city","staticobj_sidewalk3_border_nolc","staticobj_roads_partasf3_15_75","staticobj_pier_concrete1_tsmall","staticobj_drapes_long_torn","staticobj_misc_sandbox","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_narrow_8m","staticobj_rail_track_up_25","staticobj_misc_haybale_packed_stack","staticobj_wall_fen4_4_nolc","staticobj_misc_table_large","staticobj_misc_razorwire","staticobj_power_pole_wood6_j","staticobj_roads_partgrav_6konec","staticobj_ruin_housebig3_half_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_lamp_city1","staticobj_lamp_city2","staticobj_lamp_city3","staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_25","staticobj_wall_silagewall_pole","staticobj_roads_partmud_10_100","staticobj_ruin_house_1w06_proxy","staticobj_ruin_house_1w11_proxy","staticobj_furniture_yellow_star","staticobj_airfield_light_papi3","staticobj_misc_woodencrate_3x","staticobj_target_support","staticobj_garbage_bin2","staticobj_furniture_picture_c_02","staticobj_misc_gunrack","staticobj_classroom_case_b_crushed","staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_50","staticobj_wreck_bmp2_de","staticobj_wall_forfieldfen_end","staticobj_furniture_medical_table","staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_b","staticobj_misc_pallet","staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_g","staticobj_misc_advertcolumn","staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_r","staticobj_platform1_angle","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_single","staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_y","staticobj_busstop_village","staticobj_power_pole_wood2","staticobj_power_pole_wood3","staticobj_power_pole_wood4","staticobj_power_pole_wood5","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_v1","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2_grass_top","staticobj_rail_bridge_40","staticobj_wall_vilvar1_6","staticobj_wall_fen1_5_hole","staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_75","staticobj_wall_stone2d","staticobj_rail_bridge_15","staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_25","staticobj_shellcrater2_large","staticobj_ruin_housebig3_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth","staticobj_wall_woodvil_4_pole","staticobj_ruin_housebig3_half_proxy_01","staticobj_platform1_stairs_30_wallr","staticobj_slum_roof1","staticobj_wall_indvar3_5","staticobj_slum_roof2","staticobj_furniture_postel_manz_kov","staticobj_ruin_chimney","staticobj_furniture_pult","staticobj_garbage_container_plastic","staticobj_pier_concrete3_1","staticobj_pier_concrete3_2","staticobj_pipe_big_smallconl","staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_50","staticobj_pipe_big_smallconr","staticobj_decal_dirt_damage_long2","staticobj_roads_partmud_1_1000","staticobj_platform2_angle","staticobj_garbage_groundsq_3m","staticobj_bed_large_metal","staticobj_wreck_t72_chassis_de","staticobj_furniture_almara","staticobj_misc_haybale_packed","staticobj_tank_medium","staticobj_classroom_case_a_broken","staticobj_wall_tincom_pole","staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_25","staticobj_furniture_flag_chernarus_pole","staticobj_misc_haybale_decayed","staticobj_cementworks_conveyorfurnace","staticobj_rail_polef","staticobj_rail_tracke_4","staticobj_rail_tracke_8","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_d","staticobj_roads_partasf1_6","staticobj_wreck_bmp1","staticobj_misc_pipes","staticobj_wall_cyel_end2","staticobj_misc_range_roof","staticobj_case_bedroom_a","staticobj_case_bedroom_b","staticobj_furniture_table_broken","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch02","staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_50","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch05","staticobj_roads_partasf2_6konec","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_2_d","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch08","staticobj_furniture_shelf_dz","staticobj_road_sidewalk5_wide","staticobj_wall_milcncbarrier","staticobj_furniture_prison_sink","staticobj_misc_football_gate","staticobj_furniture_table_dz","staticobj_garbage_groundsq_5m","staticobj_ruin_house_2w02_proxy","staticobj_misc_gcontainer_big","staticobj_wall_cgry_5","staticobj_furniture_postel_panelak1","staticobj_sidewalk1_1m","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch11","staticobj_misc_feedrack","staticobj_furniture_radiator","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_v1","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_v3","staticobj_power_pole_wood4_end","staticobj_wall_indcnc_4_d","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_8","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_corner","staticobj_bridge_stone_25","staticobj_furniture_washing_machine","staticobj_wall_wood2_5","staticobj_furniture_flagholder","staticobj_ruin_house_2w03_proxy","staticobj_roads_partgrav_30_25","staticobj_road_sidewalk5_narrow","staticobj_ruin_housebig2_half_proxy_01","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone10","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone11","staticobj_furniture_teacher_desk","staticobj_wall_fen6_8","staticobj_furniture_library_a","staticobj_ruin_house_2b03_proxy","staticobj_misc_timbers1","staticobj_misc_timbers2","staticobj_misc_timbers3","staticobj_misc_timbers4","staticobj_ruin_house_1b01_1_proxy","staticobj_roads_partpath_rock_curve","staticobj_wreck_digger","staticobj_furniture_carpet_2_dz","staticobj_furniture_lab_vial","staticobj_furniture_couch_dz","staticobj_decal_dirt_damage_long3","staticobj_pipe_small_l45","staticobj_rail_crossing_block_10","staticobj_container_2e","staticobj_furniture_hangar_lamp","staticobj_chair_crushed","staticobj_sidewalk3_narrow_12m","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_multiple_redwhite","staticobj_ruin_house_2w04_proxy","staticobj_mil_blastcover2","staticobj_mil_blastcover3","staticobj_mil_blastcover4","staticobj_pier_concrete1_l","staticobj_rail_polett2","staticobj_ruin_house_2w01_proxy","staticobj_airfield_light_navig
staticobj_wall_fenr_3","staticobj_garbage_pile8","staticobj_roads_partcity_60_10","staticobj_ruin_house_1b01_2_proxy","staticobj_ruin_housesmall2_proxy_bricks","staticobj_roads_partgrav_7_100","staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_75","staticobj_ruin_housebig2_proxy_02","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_narrow_2m","staticobj_wall_cgrylow_5","staticobj_wall_stone","staticobj_furniture_workbench_dz","staticobj_wall_indvar1_5_2","staticobj_pier_wooden1_end","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix4","staticobj_furniture_workbench","staticobj_wall_cgrylow_end1","staticobj_rubble_rocks2","staticobj_misc_transformer","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_pole","staticobj_roads_partmud_0_2000","staticobj_roads_partrunway_end15","staticobj_furniture_luxury_light","staticobj_rubble_metal2","staticobj_rubble_metal3","staticobj_wall_fen3_8","staticobj_wall_milcnc_4","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone8_damaged","staticobj_rail_track_sp","staticobj_ruin_house_1w12_proxy","staticobj_rail_polet","staticobj_roads_partrunway_end33","staticobj_pipe_small2_high_8m","staticobj_ruin_rubble","staticobj_panel_concrete_dam","staticobj_roads_partasf1_6konec","staticobj_platform1_stairs_30_walll","staticobj_lamp_stadium","staticobj_furniture_vise","staticobj_roads_partkr_x_city_city_asf3","staticobj_roads_partasf3_12","staticobj_mine_conveyer1_endbuild","staticobj_roads_partasf1_22_50","staticobj_wall_fen6_pole","staticobj_furniture_scale","staticobj_misc_mysteriousbell","staticobj_misc_concreteblock1_end","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_4m","staticobj_roads_partasf3_25","staticobj_wall_canal_10","staticobj_skilift_tower_end","staticobj_wall_tin7_pole","staticobj_misc_stadiumbenches","staticobj_sidewalk3_wide_4m","staticobj_airfield_light_reflector","staticobj_furniture_intercom_speaker","staticobj_furniture_blackboard","staticobj_roads_partkr_x_asf1_city","staticobj_roadblock_cncblock","staticobj_roads_partcity_15_75","staticobj_furniture_lab_dropper","staticobj_ruin_house_2b04_proxy","staticobj_furniture_case_cans_b","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_t_1","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_t_2","staticobj_misc_range_single","staticobj_rail_track_turnoutl","staticobj_rail_track_turnoutr","staticobj_wall_silagewall_5_d","staticobj_wall_fen3_d","staticobj_wall_wood2_5_end_2","staticobj_piano_broken","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank1_grass","staticobj_roads_partasf2_22_50","staticobj_rail_tracke_r25_5","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2_grass_l","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2_grass_r","staticobj_wall_woodvil_4_2","staticobj_sidewalk3_wide_12m","staticobj_wall_cnc_5","staticobj_furniture_chest_dz","staticobj_skilift_rope_start","staticobj_bed_large_metal_crushed","staticobj_furniture_library_a_open","staticobj_furniture_picture_d_02","staticobj_wreck_trailer_flat","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf3_mud","staticobj_ruin_housesmall2_proxy","staticobj_furniture_tools_racking_dz","staticobj_cementworks_conveyor_up1","staticobj_cementworks_conveyor_up2","staticobj_cementworks_conveyor_up3","staticobj_decal_dirt_rocks1","staticobj_platform2_stairs_30","staticobj_wreck_t72_turret","staticobj_mil_aircraftshelter_grass_l","staticobj_mil_aircraftshelter_grass_r","staticobj_roads_partrunway_dirt_1","staticobj_roads_partrunway_dirt_2","staticobj_chair_broken","staticobj_furniture_student_desk","staticobj_misc_football_line_corner","staticobj_furniture_table","staticobj_misc_trafficlights","staticobj_roads_partasf3_22_50","staticobj_rail_tracke_l30_20","staticobj_furniture_lab_teacher_bench","staticobj_picture_g","staticobj_wall_fen5_10","staticobj_carpet_big_dirty","staticobj_wall_wood1d_5","staticobj_pipe_big_support","staticobj_furniture_flowers_01","staticobj_furniture_flowers_02","staticobj_wall_cgry_corner staticobj_misc_concretepanels","staticobj_roads_partasf2_6","staticobj_wall_cbrk_corner","staticobj_misc_sunshade","staticobj_furniture_lab_cylinder_beaker","staticobj_misc_boxwooden","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_spoj","staticobj_furniture_school_ringbell","staticobj_wall_forfieldfen_2","staticobj_wall_tincom_3","staticobj_busstation_corner","staticobj_wall_fenforest_5_d","staticobj_furniture_wall_board","staticobj_sidewalk1_end","staticobj_wall_indvar3_pole","staticobj_busstation_roof_big","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_blue_v1","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_blue_v2","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_blue_v3","staticobj_furniture_kitchenstove_elec","staticobj_pipe_small2_8m","staticobj_roads_partcity_10_25","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf1_asf3","staticobj_misc_tire","staticobj_rail_bridge_15_3tracks","staticobj_rail_tracke_2","staticobj_forest_humanskeleton","staticobj_wall_garbcont","staticobj_rail_track_passing_10","staticobj_wall_tin_4","staticobj_furniture_luxury_lamp","staticobj_roads_partkr_x_asf2_asf3","staticobj_rail_track_passing_25","staticobj_power_hv_tower","staticobj_dead_pile1","staticobj_dead_pile2","staticobj_dead_pile3","staticobj_dead_pile4","staticobj_roads_partmud_30_25","staticobj_wall_indcnc_end_2","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_spoj_2","staticobj_roads_partcity_10_50","staticobj_chair_leisure_broken","staticobj_wall_railing_endr","staticobj_misc_boundarystone_plastic","staticobj_wall_indfnc_3_hole","staticobj_ruin_church2_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_furniture_shelfs_small_crushed","staticobj_furniture_radar_panel","staticobj_misc_deconshower_large","staticobj_furniture_dkamna_bila","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_border_2m","staticobj_pipe_big_9m","staticobj_wall_tin6_1_pole","staticobj_sidewalk1_10m","staticobj_wall_wood3_4","staticobj_ruin_wall","staticobj_misc_bench1","staticobj_misc_bench2","staticobj_misc_bench3","staticobj_misc_bench4","staticobj_misc_bench5","staticobj_misc_bench6","staticobj_misc_bench8","staticobj_misc_bench9","staticobj_hanged_civil","staticobj_wall_stoned","staticobj_ruin_house_1w03_proxy","staticobj_wall_fen7_4","staticobj_furniture_school_cage","staticobj_power_pole_conct","staticobj_wall_stone2","staticobj_roads_partcity_10_100","staticobj_wreck_ural","staticobj_mine_rail_switch","staticobj_construction_hopper","staticobj_furniture_lab_microscope","staticobj_decal_damage_medium7","staticobj_garbage_container_glass","staticobj_sidewalk2_5m","staticobj_cemetery_grave2","staticobj_cemetery_grave3","staticobj_cemetery_grave4","staticobj_wall_fen2_6","staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_half_proxy_01","staticobj_quarry_conveyerlong","staticobj_transmitter_small2","staticobj_wall_fen4_4","staticobj_furniture_phonebox","staticobj_wall_fenw_7_d","staticobj_wall_pipefence_4_nolc","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_end","staticobj_furniture_dirtpile_small_house","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_border_4m","staticobj_furniture_class_case_a_open","staticobj_wall_feng_3","staticobj_wreck_decal_small2","staticobj_wall_pipefencewall_8","staticobj_pier_crane_rails","staticobj_ruin_house_1w04_proxy","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_pole","staticobj_pipe_small_u","staticobj_misc_football_line","staticobj_decal_damage_long6","staticobj_mil_blastcover1_grass","staticobj_pipe_small2_ground","staticobj_furniture_flag_chernarus_wall","staticobj_furniture_basketball_korb","staticobj_garbage_container2_open","staticobj_pipe_med_buildl","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_1_end","staticobj_pipe_med_buildr","staticobj_platform2_enter","staticobj_rail_signals","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_01","staticobj_misc_obstacle_pass","staticobj_misc_antenna","staticobj_roads_partcity_1_1000","staticobj_wreck_powgen","staticobj_misc_roadbarrier","staticobj_wall_railing_1","staticobj_ruin_house_1w05_proxy","staticobj_chair_leisure","staticobj_wall_indcnc2_3","staticobj_mil_hbarrier_4m","staticobj_furniture_lobby_chair","staticobj_furniture_lobby_case","staticobj_pier_concrete3_end","staticobj_skilift_rope_end","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_corner","staticobj_mil_blastcover2_grass","staticobj_wall_fen3_pole","staticobj_cableway_rope","staticobj_mil_hbarrier_round","staticobj_mil_hbarrier_6m","staticobj_furniture_lab_erlenmeyer_flask","staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_proxy_02","staticobj_misc_table_camp_small","staticobj_roads_partrunway_beton","staticobj_furniture_light_bathroom","staticobj_furniture_drapes_long","staticobj_mil_hbarrier_big","staticobj_platform2_stairs_30_wallr","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_city_city","staticobj_transmitter_box","staticobj_furniture_sofa_leather_new","staticobj_furniture_long_bench","staticobj_wall_woodf_5","staticobj_wall_indcnch_5","staticobj_wall_tincom_9","staticobj_misc_tirepile","staticobj_wall_polewall_5_2","staticobj_misc_bagfence_corner","staticobj_mil_blastcover3_grass","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_single_redwhite","staticobj_wall_fen1_5_pole","staticobj_wall_cgry_end","staticobj_wall_indcnc_4","staticobj_slum_roof4","staticobj_furniture_lab_volume_beaker","staticobj_rail_platform_segment","staticobj_tank_small_gas","staticobj_rail_bridge_15_curve","staticobj_wall_tin_4_2","staticobj_shed_open_small_complete","staticobj_pier_concrete1_cornerout","staticobj_wall_indcnc_pole","staticobj_wall_tin7_8","staticobj_bridge_metal_25_1","staticobj_furniture_bar_shelves_dz","staticobj_furniture_shelf_1side","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch01","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch03","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch04","staticobj_skilift_rope_middle","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch07","staticobj_wall_woodf_5_2","staticobj_roadblock_bags_long
staticobj_mine_heap","staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_dam","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch10","staticobj_wall_indfnc_pole","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch12","staticobj_ruin_house_1w07_proxy","staticobj_roads_partasf1_12","staticobj_cementworks_conveyormilla","staticobj_cementworks_conveyormillb","staticobj_transmitter_small1","staticobj_sidewalk1_corner","staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_mid","staticobj_roads_partpath_dirt_10","staticobj_wall_fenforest_5","staticobj_furniture_picture_e_02","staticobj_furniture_ch_mod_c","staticobj_furniture_metalcase_01","staticobj_furniture_ch_mod_h","staticobj_furniture_office_desk","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_v2","staticobj_shellcrater2_debris","staticobj_ruin_housebig2_proxy_01","staticobj_roads_partpath_dirt_30","staticobj_racks","staticobj_wall_fen1_5_2","staticobj_misc_barbedwire","staticobj_rail_track_lb_re","staticobj_mil_artilery_rampart","staticobj_power_hv_line_turnl","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_pole","staticobj_roads_partpath_dirt_curve","staticobj_furniture_pokladna","staticobj_path_panels_damaged","staticobj_wall_railing_2_slope","staticobj_rail_bridge_15_end","staticobj_roads_partasf3_6","staticobj_wall_fenw_7_s","staticobj_rail_platform_cross","staticobj_wall_indvar2_pole","staticobj_cementworks_conveyortowerb","staticobj_mine_conveyer1_10","staticobj_roads_partcity_22_50","staticobj_wreck_brdm","staticobj_wall_pipefence_4","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth_02_template","staticobj_furniture_canister_dz","staticobj_misc_timbers_log1","staticobj_misc_timbers_log2","staticobj_misc_timbers_log3","staticobj_misc_timbers_log4","staticobj_misc_timbers_log5","staticobj_roads_partasf3_0_2000","staticobj_slum_roof6","staticobj_misc_table","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_roads_partkr_x_asf1_asf3","staticobj_ruin_houseblock_total","staticobj_pier_concrete2","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_mud_mud","staticobj_wall_indfnc_3","staticobj_misc_woodpile2","staticobj_furniture_dkamna_uhli","staticobj_wall_tincom_9_2","staticobj_roads_partpath_rock_10","staticobj_picture_a","staticobj_picture_b","staticobj_picture_c","staticobj_picture_d","staticobj_picture_e","staticobj_picture_f","staticobj_barn_strawstack","staticobj_pipe_medl_cornerr","staticobj_furniture_lab_petri_dish","staticobj_misc_concretepipe","staticobj_ruin_house_1w09_proxy","staticobj_wall_indvar1_5_d","staticobj_wreck_bulldozer","staticobj_furniture_couch_beige84x213x75_dz","staticobj_rubble_metal1","staticobj_rail_track_l25_10","staticobj_roads_partpath_rock_30","staticobj_ruin_house_2w05_proxy","staticobj_furniture_office_chair","staticobj_wall_tin6_1_4","staticobj_target_concrete1","staticobj_target_concrete2","staticobj_monument_enoch2","staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_100","staticobj_lamp_ind","staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_full","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf3_asf2","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf3_asf3","staticobj_wall_wood4_4","staticobj_wall_fenr_pole","staticobj_roads_partgrav_60_10","staticobj_furniture_icebox","staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_5deg","staticobj_cemetery_grave1","staticobj_sidewalk3_wideb_4m","staticobj_wall_cgrylow_end2","staticobj_furniture_boots_dz","staticobj_misc_crashbarrier","staticobj_furniture_lab_triplebeam","staticobj_flowerpot","staticobj_sidewalk1_5m","staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_30deg","staticobj_rail_tracke_r30_20","staticobj_lamp_halogen","staticobj_furniture_light_kitchen_03","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_8","staticobj_furniture_kitchen_desk_a","staticobj_misc_obstacle_ramp","staticobj_hanged_doctor","staticobj_pipe_small2_high_curve","staticobj_target_concrete_ramp","staticobj_rail_track_r25_10","staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_proxy_01","staticobj_mil_artilery_nest","staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_100","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_pole","staticobj_ruin_mil_controltower_proxy","staticobj_decal_damage_medium4","staticobj_decal_damage_medium5","staticobj_wall_indvar1_5","staticobj_decal_damage_medium6","staticobj_misc_bagfence_3m","staticobj_furniture_carpet_big","staticobj_roadblock_cncblocks_long","staticobj_decal_damage_medium9","staticobj_misc_surveymarker_cover","staticobj_roads_partasf3_1_1000","staticobj_wall_milcnc_corner","staticobj_panel_concrete_1","staticobj_panel_concrete_2","staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_75","staticobj_wall_railing_2","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth_02","staticobj_misc_fountain","staticobj_wreck_ship_medium_front","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_half_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_power_pole_wood5_j","staticobj_shed_open_big_complete","staticobj_wall_wood2_5_pole","staticobj_misc_hedgehog_concrete","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_draha","staticobj_roads_partgrav_15_75","staticobj_monument_enoch1","staticobj_misc_range_line_dispersions","staticobj_furniture_wall_board_02","staticobj_furniture_wall_board_03","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_9","staticobj_wall_fen2_pole","staticobj_mil_hbarrier_1m","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix1","staticobj_furniture_lab_bench","staticobj_roads_partgrav_1_1000","staticobj_misc_haystack","staticobj_decal_damage_long7","staticobj_decal_damage_long8","staticobj_roads_partasf2_6_crosswalk","staticobj_furniture_class_case_b_closed","staticobj_furniture_drapes","staticobj_furniture_case_sink_a","staticobj_wall_cbrk_5","staticobj_wall_fenvineyard","staticobj_garbage_bin","staticobj_furniture_foldingbed_open","staticobj_misc_tirepile_group","staticobj_misc_tree_pavement1","staticobj_misc_tree_pavement2","staticobj_misc_tree_pavement3","staticobj_road_sidewalk_stairs","staticobj_sidewalk1_tcross","staticobj_furniture_patient_monitor","staticobj_furniture_metal_cutting_saw","staticobj_misc_boundarystone_tube","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_1","staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_skull","Land_Mil_Fortified_Nest_Watchtower","StaticObj_Misc_WoodPile1","Land_Container_1Bo","Land_Container_1Mo

3rd FILE 

staticObj = ["staticobj_rail_tracke_l25_5","staticobj_furniture_shelfs_small","staticobj_cemetery_fence1","staticobj_cemetery_fence2","staticobj_cemetery_fence3","staticobj_cemetery_fence4","staticobj_mil_camonet_side_nato","staticobj_pipe_med_ground1","staticobj_pipe_med_ground2","staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_100","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_half_proxy_01","staticobj_furniture_radar_electronics","staticobj_misc_seesaw","staticobj_pipe_big_18m_ladder","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_1_4","staticobj_mine_tunnel","staticobj_furniture_table_drawer","staticobj_wall_cyel_corner","staticobj_platform1_stairs_block","staticobj_misc_carousel_small","staticobj_decal_damage_long1","staticobj_wall_wood2_5_end","staticobj_roads_partgrav_12","staticobj_power_transformerstation_cables","staticobj_power_hv_line_turn","staticobj_furniture_kitchen_table_a","staticobj_furniture_metalcrate","staticobj_furniture_sofa_leather_old","staticobj_busstation_roof_long","staticobj_platform1_stairs_30","staticobj_roads_partcity_6","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf1_city","staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_25","staticobj_wall_wood1d_5_pole","staticobj_furniture_hospital_bench","staticobj_pier_concrete2_end","staticobj_furniture_rack_dz","staticobj_wall_wood4_pole","staticobj_mil_camonet_big_nato","staticobj_wall_cyel_5","staticobj_wall_cncsmall_4","staticobj_wall_polewall_5_1","staticobj_wall_cncsmall_8","staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_50","staticobj_mil_camonet_tent2","staticobj_power_wiretel_50_main","staticobj_roads_partasf2_1_1000","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_3_hole","staticobj_roads_partmud_6konec","staticobj_lamp_harbour","staticobj_quarry_conveyer","staticobj_furniture_drill","staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4","staticobj_furniture_picture_f_02","staticobj_ruin_church","staticobj_roads_partasf1_30_25","staticobj_forest_anthill","staticobj_roads_partcity_12","staticobj_mine_rail","staticobj_misc_pallets1","staticobj_misc_pallets2","staticobj_misc_pallets3","staticobj_garbage_container_paper","staticobj_roads_partcity_25","staticobj_wall_wood1_5_pole","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_city_asf3","staticobj_mine_conveyer2_build","staticobj_platform2_stairs_20","staticobj_furniture_bar_tap_dz","staticobj_rail_tracke_r25_10","staticobj_rail_crossing_block_25","staticobj_misc_woodpile_forest1","staticobj_misc_woodpile_forest2","staticobj_misc_woodpile_forest3","staticobj_wall_railing_1_pole","staticobj_furniture_fireplace_grill","staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_bottom","staticobj_roads_partmud_60_10","staticobj_decal_dirt_rocks2","staticobj_airfield_landmark","staticobj_statue_general","staticobj_power_pole_wood4_lamp","staticobj_pipe_small_ground1","staticobj_pipe_small_ground2","staticobj_mine_rail_end","staticobj_power_hv_line_damaged","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_narrow_4m","staticobj_garbage_ground_6m","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf2_asf2","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf2_asf3","staticobj_bed_large_metal_broken","staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a_end","staticobj_power_wire_50","staticobj_pipe_small2_high_ground","staticobj_roads_partrunway_dirt_3","staticobj_roads_partasf1_7_100","staticobj_classroom_case_b_broken","staticobj_wall_cgry_corner_2","staticobj_furniture_vending_machine","staticobj_wall_fen3_4","staticobj_misc_coil","staticobj_rubble_bricks1","staticobj_rubble_bricks2","staticobj_rubble_bricks3","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_1_d","staticobj_rail_crossing_barrier","staticobj_furniture_radio_b","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_multiple","staticobj_furniture_class_case_b_open","staticobj_rail_tracke_l25_10","staticobj_wall_indfnc_3_d","staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_100","staticobj_forest_beetletrap3","staticobj_shed_open_big2_complete","staticobj_wall_indfnc_corner","staticobj_furniture_sofacorner","staticobj_misc_woodreserve","staticobj_quarry_hammermill","staticobj_roads_partasf3_30_25","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_v2","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_v3","staticobj_misc_woodblock","staticobj_tribune","staticobj_furniture_lab_sink","staticobj_wreck_ship_big_lifeboat","staticobj_roads_partasf2_7_100","staticobj_furniture_lab_beaker","staticobj_wreck_decal_small1","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_blue_v1","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_blue_v2","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_blue_v3","staticobj_wall_woodvil_4","staticobj_bridge_metal_25","staticobj_decal_oilstain2","staticobj_decal_oilstain3","staticobj_decal_oilstain4","staticobj_roads_partmud_15_75","staticobj_misc_noticeboard1","staticobj_misc_noticeboard2","staticobj_furniture_radar_rack","staticobj_platform1_stairs_20","staticobj_roads_partrunway_main_40","staticobj_pipe_small_r45","staticobj_pipe_small2_high_24m","staticobj_roads_partrunway_beton_end2","staticobj_misc_woodtable_outdoor","staticobj_furniture_fridge","staticobj_decal_damage_medium8","staticobj_furniture_wheel_cart_dz","staticobj_chair_leisure_crushed","staticobj_rubble_concrete3","staticobj_wall_tin_5","staticobj_furniture_conference_table_a","staticobj_rubble_dirtpile_large","staticobj_airfield_lamp","staticobj_wall_tin_pole","staticobj_furniture_pultskasou","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_2_end","staticobj_power_pole_wood6_end","staticobj_pier_tube_big","staticobj_roads_partasf3_7_100","staticobj_furniture_picture_a_02","staticobj_furniture_picture_a_03","staticobj_furniture_picture_a_04","staticobj_furniture_picture_a_05","staticobj_roads_partasf1_1_1000","staticobj_pier_concrete1_tbig","staticobj_wall_indvar1_pole","staticobj_ruin_house_1w02_proxy","staticobj_ruin_corner2","staticobj_pier_tube_small","staticobj_pipe_small_l90","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_4","staticobj_misc_postbox1","staticobj_pier_concrete1_l10","staticobj_roads_partcity_0_2000","staticobj_pipe_small_r90","staticobj_rubble_wood2","staticobj_roads_partasf1_6_crosswalk","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_d","staticobj_ruin_house_2b01_proxy","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_8m","staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_half_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_20deg","staticobj_pier_concrete1_l30","staticobj_misc_windbreak","staticobj_monument_wall","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone5_damaged","staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_75","staticobj_misc_obstacle_crawl","staticobj_misc_hedgehog_iron","staticobj_ruin_housebig2_half_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_wall_forfieldfen_1","staticobj_airfield_light_papi1","staticobj_airfield_light_papi2","staticobj_airfield_light_papi4","staticobj_sidewalk3_border","staticobj_racks_crushed","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_big","staticobj_wall_fen7_pole","staticobj_rail_track_up_40","staticobj_decal_damage_long9","staticobj_ruin_housesmall2_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_wall_garbcont_corner","staticobj_fueldstation_shed","staticobj_furniture_metalcase_02","staticobj_hotel_damaged_airplane_back","staticobj_furniture_bucket","staticobj_misc_woodencrate_5x","staticobj_wall_cyel_end","staticobj_monument_war1","staticobj_monument_war2","staticobj_misc_boogieman","staticobj_furniture_metalcrate_02","staticobj_wall_indfnc_9","staticobj_roads_partmud_10_25","staticobj_wreck_ship_medium_back","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth_template","staticobj_furniture_stul_kuch_1","staticobj_shellcrater1","staticobj_furniture_kitchen_unit_a_dz","staticobj_ruin_house_total","staticobj_furniture_pc","staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_up","staticobj_wall_wood1d_5_2","staticobj_misc_cinderblocks","staticobj_roads_partgrav_22_50","staticobj_classroom_case_a","staticobj_classroom_case_b","staticobj_roads_partmud_10_50","staticobj_wall_indvar3_5_d","staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a_j","staticobj_container_1c","staticobj_container_1d","staticobj_wall_cbrk_end","staticobj_wall_vilvar2_pole","staticobj_container_2a","staticobj_container_2b","staticobj_container_2c","staticobj_container_2d","staticobj_roads_partmud_10_75","staticobj_furniture_skrin_bar","staticobj_wall_fen4_d_nolc","staticobj_rail_polett1","staticobj_roads_partrunway_main","staticobj_lamp_decorative","staticobj_slum_roof3","staticobj_bridge_wood_25","staticobj_pier_crane_rails_end","staticobj_slum_roof5","staticobj_wreck_trailer_cistern","staticobj_rail_tracke_25","staticobj_misc_tirepile_large","staticobj_furniture_debris_small_house","staticobj_rubble_rocks1","staticobj_misc_chair_camp1","staticobj_misc_chair_camp2","staticobj_tank_small_white","staticobj_wall_fenstadium","staticobj_ruin_house_2b02_proxy","staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4_end","staticobj_misc_tree_protector","staticobj_rail_tracke_40","staticobj_power_wire_50_main","staticobj_platform1_block","staticobj_bridge_wood_50","staticobj_wall_fenforest_pole","staticobj_decal_dirt_damage_long1","staticobj_misc_obstacle_runaround","staticobj_furniture_class_case_a_closed","staticobj_furniture_tools_racking","staticobj_rail_track_le1_rb","staticobj_path_panels","staticobj_wall_railing_endl","staticobj_furniture_almara_open","staticobj_road_sidewalk5_wide_corner","staticobj_roads_partasf2_60_10","staticobj_wall_indcnc_end_3","staticobj_wall_railing_1_endl","staticobj_furniture_picture_g_02","staticobj_dead_massgrave_8m","staticobj_wall_railing_1_endr","staticobj_furniture_wardrobe_a","staticobj_furniture_wardrobe_b","staticobj_misc_haybale","staticobj_wall_tin6_2_4","staticobj_furniture_school_map","staticobj_furniture_shelf","staticobj_furniture_periodic_table","staticobj_ruin_housebig2_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf1_asf2","staticobj_wall_fen2_6_hole","staticobj_furniture_table_umakart","staticobj_wall_indvar2_5_d","staticobj_platform2_block","staticobj_ruin_houseblock_corner_total","staticobj_garbage_container","staticobj_roads_partcity_10_75","staticobj_pier_concrete1_end","staticobj_sidewalk2_1m","staticobj_furniture_grinder","staticobj_misc_cover_big","staticobj_mine_rail_tram","staticobj_wall_fen4_8","staticobj_misc_range_pistol","staticobj_roads_partrunwayold_40_main","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch06","staticobj_chair","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch09","staticobj_wall_fen4_d","staticobj_wall_wood3_4_end","staticobj_furniture_hospital_transport_bed","staticobj_dead_massgrave_15m","staticobj_ruin_housebig3_proxy_01","staticobj_wreck_hmmwv_de","staticobj_skilift_tower_middle","staticobj_cementworks_silobig1bridge","staticobj_wall_fen1_5","staticobj_misc_through_trailer","staticobj_rail_platform_start","staticobj_rail_linebreak_iron","staticobj_pipe_big_18m","staticobj_platform1_wall","staticobj_mil_blastcover4_grass_l","staticobj_wall_fen5_5","staticobj_furniture_lekarnicka","staticobj_mil_blastcover4_grass_r","staticobj_busstation_wall","staticobj_misc_concreteblock2_damaged","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_border_8m","staticobj_furniture_gym_ladder","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix2","staticobj_furniture_desk_globe","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix3","staticobj_wall_wood2_5_d","staticobj_roads_partmud_12","staticobj_misc_flagpole","staticobj_rail_concreteramp","staticobj_airfield_light_edge","staticobj_roads_partmud_25","staticobj_roads_partcity_30_25","staticobj_misc_barricade","staticobj_skilift_tower_start","staticobj_wall_barricade1_10","staticobj_pipe_small2_curve","staticobj_roads_partasf1_25","staticobj_furniture_prison_toilet","staticobj_mil_blastcover1","staticobj_sidewalk3_narrow_corner","staticobj_cemetery_fence_straight","staticobj_misc_table_market","staticobj_rubble_glass","staticobj_cementworks_conveyortowera","staticobj_rail_tracke_turnoutl","staticobj_cementworks_conveyortowerc","staticobj_wall_railing_1_slope","staticobj_wall_woodf_5_end","staticobj_rail_tracke_turnoutr","staticobj_wall_pipefence_8","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_3_d","staticobj_pier_concrete1","staticobj_statue_enoch1","staticobj_furniture_lab_bunsen","staticobj_misc_gasmetercabinet","staticobj_coalplant_conveyor","staticobj_furniture_vaulting_box_small","staticobj_pier_concrete1_cornerin","staticobj_wall_wood1_5_2","staticobj_pipe_med_9m","staticobj_walls_end","staticobj_wall_tin7_4","staticobj_drapes_torn","staticobj_furniture_bag_dz","staticobj_classroom_case_a_crushed","staticobj_roads_partcity_6konec","staticobj_furniture_cashier","staticobj_furniture_kitchen_desk_b","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank1","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2","staticobj_roads_partmud_7_100","staticobj_misc_bench7","staticobj_furniture_ch_office_b","staticobj_misc_surveymarker_rod","staticobj_furniture_picture_b_02","staticobj_misc_football_line_hcircle","staticobj_roads_partcity_7_100","staticobj_furniture_kitchen_chair_a","staticobj_furniture_office_table_a","staticobj_wall_silagewall_5","staticobj_roads_partgrav_0_2000","staticobj_garbage_pile1","staticobj_garbage_pile2","staticobj_garbage_pile3","staticobj_garbage_pile4","staticobj_garbage_pile5","staticobj_garbage_pile6","staticobj_garbage_pile7","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_3","staticobj_furniture_case_a","staticobj_furniture_case_d","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix5","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix6","staticobj_decal_heli_army","staticobj_barn_hopper","staticobj_cableway_base_rope1","staticobj_cableway_base_rope2","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_2","staticobj_road_sinkhole_sila","staticobj_misc_carousel","staticobj_furniture_lobby_counter","staticobj_platform2_wall","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_2_4","staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4_d","staticobj_furniture_sarcophagus","staticobj_pipe_small2_24m","staticobj_furniture_radar_panel_flat","staticobj_roads_partmud_22_50","staticobj_rail_track_25","staticobj_furniture_student_chair","staticobj_misc_table_camp","staticobj_hotel_damaged_rubble","staticobj_decal_oilstain1","staticobj_power_transformer_small","staticobj_roads_partgrav_25","staticobj_misc_obstacle_bridge","staticobj_furniture_tac_board","staticobj_pipe_medl_buildr","staticobj_wall_cncbarrier_block","staticobj_fueldstation_sign","staticobj_misc_boundarystone","staticobj_pier_wooden2","staticobj_shellcrater2_decal","staticobj_mil_camonet_side_east","staticobj_power_pole_wood5_end","staticobj_shellcrater2_small","staticobj_wall_indvar2_5","staticobj_roadblock_bags_endl","staticobj_rail_track_down_25","staticobj_roadblock_bags_endr","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_4","staticobj_wall_fen5_10_d","staticobj_platform1_ramp","staticobj_wall_indcnc_10","staticobj_wall_vilvar1_pole","staticobj_furniture_tv_a","staticobj_sidewalk3_wide_corner","staticobj_garbage_container2_closed","staticobj_decal_damage_medium10","staticobj_pipe_small_stairs","staticobj_tank_small_rusty","staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a_j_nest","staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_10deg","staticobj_furniture_wall_hanger","staticobj_rubble_concrete1","staticobj_rubble_concrete2","staticobj_misc_bagfence_round","staticobj_roads_partrunway_beton_end1","staticobj_ruin_church2_01_proxy","staticobj_rubble_wood1","staticobj_rubble_wood3","staticobj_monument_soldiers","staticobj_pipe_small_valve","staticobj_furniture_radar_rack_quad","staticobj_carpet_big_dirty2","staticobj_furniture_school_clock","staticobj_mine_conveyer1_begin","staticobj_misc_boardspack1","staticobj_misc_boardspack2","staticobj_misc_boardspack3","staticobj_roads_partasf1_60_10","staticobj_misc_concreteblock1","staticobj_misc_concreteblock2","staticobj_mil_camonet_big_east","staticobj_furniture_box_c","staticobj_roads_partasf2_30_25","staticobj_roads_partasf2_0_2000","staticobj_furniture_fluor_lamp","staticobj_misc_woodencrate","staticobj_furniture_soustruh_proxy","staticobj_power_hv_line_turnr","staticobj_pipe_small_broken","staticobj_furniture_sawhorse_dz","staticobj_lamp_rail","staticobj_ruin_church2_02_proxy","staticobj_furniture_tac_board_posters_level1","staticobj_furniture_tac_board_posters_level2","staticobj_ruin_doorwall","staticobj_furniture_vaulting_goat","staticobj_pier_concrete3_fuel","staticobj_roads_partasf1_0_2000","staticobj_target_concrete_block","staticobj_hotel_damaged_airplane_wing","staticobj_roadblock_bags_curve","staticobj_furniture_anvil","staticobj_wall_gate_cgry","staticobj_pipe_medl_cornerl","staticobj_panels_concrete","staticobj_roads_partgrav_6","staticobj_sidewalk3_narrow_4m","staticobj_lobby_table","staticobj_pipe_small_20m","staticobj_furniture_box_c_multi","staticobj_wall_feng_pole","staticobj_ruin_corner1","staticobj_wall_fen4_pole","staticobj_forest_beetletrap1","staticobj_forest_beetletrap2","staticobj_wall_wood1_5","staticobj_ruin_houseblock_half","staticobj_misc_cover_small","staticobj_furniture_piano","staticobj_rail_track_le_rb","staticobj_racks_broken","staticobj_ruin_church2_03_proxy","staticobj_wreck_decal_big","staticobj_mine_hopper_build","staticobj_hotel_damaged_decal1","staticobj_hotel_damaged_decal2","staticobj_furniture_case_a_open","staticobj_wall_indvar1_5_d_2","staticobj_roadblock_cncblocks_short","staticobj_roads_partasf1_15_75","staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_low","staticobj_roads_partasf3_60_10","staticobj_rail_track_lb1_re","staticobj_wall_vilvar2_4_2","staticobj_wall_barricade1_4","staticobj_misc_concretepipe_gate","staticobj_rubble_dirtpile_medium1","staticobj_rubble_dirtpile_medium2","staticobj_wall_indcnch_10","staticobj_wall_cncbarrier_4block","staticobj_wall_fen5_pole","staticobj_misc_range_line","staticobj_misc_obstacle_cross","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone1","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone2","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone3","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone4","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone5","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone6","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone7","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone8","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone9","staticobj_misc_surveymarker_post","staticobj_pier_wooden1","staticobj_ruin_church2_04_proxy","staticobj_wall_wood4_end1","staticobj_wall_wood4_end2","staticobj_wall_fenw_7","staticobj_furniture_anatomy_poster_1","staticobj_furniture_anatomy_poster_2","staticobj_misc_sewercover","staticobj_furniture_shelfs_small_broken","staticobj_roads_partasf2_15_75","staticobj_roadblock_pillbox","staticobj_road_sidewalk5_narrow_corner","staticobj_shellcrater1_decal","staticobj_cemetery_smallcross","staticobj_power_pole_wood4_a","staticobj_rail_track_down_40","staticobj_wall_polewall_end","staticobj_roads_partasf3_6konec","staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_pile","staticobj_power_pole_wood6_h","staticobj_roads_partmud_6","staticobj_roads_partasf2_12","staticobj_furniture_vaulting_box_large","staticobj_power_hv_line_80m_damaged","staticobj_roads_partasf2_25","staticobj_rail_linebreak_concrete","staticobj_furniture_table_crushed","staticobj_platform2_stairs_30_walll","staticobj_roads_partkr_x_city_city","staticobj_sidewalk3_border_nolc","staticobj_roads_partasf3_15_75","staticobj_pier_concrete1_tsmall","staticobj_drapes_long_torn","staticobj_misc_sandbox","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_narrow_8m","staticobj_rail_track_up_25","staticobj_misc_haybale_packed_stack","staticobj_wall_fen4_4_nolc","staticobj_misc_table_large","staticobj_misc_razorwire","staticobj_power_pole_wood6_j","staticobj_roads_partgrav_6konec","staticobj_ruin_housebig3_half_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_lamp_city1","staticobj_lamp_city2","staticobj_lamp_city3","staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_25","staticobj_wall_silagewall_pole","staticobj_roads_partmud_10_100","staticobj_ruin_house_1w06_proxy","staticobj_ruin_house_1w11_proxy","staticobj_furniture_yellow_star","staticobj_airfield_light_papi3","staticobj_misc_woodencrate_3x","staticobj_target_support","staticobj_garbage_bin2","staticobj_furniture_picture_c_02","staticobj_misc_gunrack","staticobj_classroom_case_b_crushed","staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_50","staticobj_wreck_bmp2_de","staticobj_wall_forfieldfen_end","staticobj_furniture_medical_table","staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_b","staticobj_misc_pallet","staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_g","staticobj_misc_advertcolumn","staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_r","staticobj_platform1_angle","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_single","staticobj_power_pole_wood1_trail_y","staticobj_busstop_village","staticobj_power_pole_wood2","staticobj_power_pole_wood3","staticobj_power_pole_wood4","staticobj_power_pole_wood5","staticobj_furniture_locker_closed_v1","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2_grass_top","staticobj_rail_bridge_40","staticobj_wall_vilvar1_6","staticobj_wall_fen1_5_hole","staticobj_roads_partasf1_10_75","staticobj_wall_stone2d","staticobj_rail_bridge_15","staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_25","staticobj_shellcrater2_large","staticobj_ruin_housebig3_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth","staticobj_wall_woodvil_4_pole","staticobj_ruin_housebig3_half_proxy_01","staticobj_platform1_stairs_30_wallr","staticobj_slum_roof1","staticobj_wall_indvar3_5","staticobj_slum_roof2","staticobj_furniture_postel_manz_kov","staticobj_ruin_chimney","staticobj_furniture_pult","staticobj_garbage_container_plastic","staticobj_pier_concrete3_1","staticobj_pier_concrete3_2","staticobj_pipe_big_smallconl","staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_50","staticobj_pipe_big_smallconr","staticobj_decal_dirt_damage_long2","staticobj_roads_partmud_1_1000","staticobj_platform2_angle","staticobj_garbage_groundsq_3m","staticobj_bed_large_metal","staticobj_wreck_t72_chassis_de","staticobj_furniture_almara","staticobj_misc_haybale_packed","staticobj_tank_medium","staticobj_classroom_case_a_broken","staticobj_wall_tincom_pole","staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_25","staticobj_furniture_flag_chernarus_pole","staticobj_misc_haybale_decayed","staticobj_cementworks_conveyorfurnace","staticobj_rail_polef","staticobj_rail_tracke_4","staticobj_rail_tracke_8","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_d","staticobj_roads_partasf1_6","staticobj_wreck_bmp1","staticobj_misc_pipes","staticobj_wall_cyel_end2","staticobj_misc_range_roof","staticobj_case_bedroom_a","staticobj_case_bedroom_b","staticobj_furniture_table_broken","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch02","staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_50","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch05","staticobj_roads_partasf2_6konec","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_2_d","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch08","staticobj_furniture_shelf_dz","staticobj_road_sidewalk5_wide","staticobj_wall_milcncbarrier","staticobj_furniture_prison_sink","staticobj_misc_football_gate","staticobj_furniture_table_dz","staticobj_garbage_groundsq_5m","staticobj_ruin_house_2w02_proxy","staticobj_misc_gcontainer_big","staticobj_wall_cgry_5","staticobj_furniture_postel_panelak1","staticobj_sidewalk1_1m","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch11","staticobj_misc_feedrack","staticobj_furniture_radiator","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_v1","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_v3","staticobj_power_pole_wood4_end","staticobj_wall_indcnc_4_d","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_8","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_corner","staticobj_bridge_stone_25","staticobj_furniture_washing_machine","staticobj_wall_wood2_5","staticobj_furniture_flagholder","staticobj_ruin_house_2w03_proxy","staticobj_roads_partgrav_30_25","staticobj_road_sidewalk5_narrow","staticobj_ruin_housebig2_half_proxy_01","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone10","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone11","staticobj_furniture_teacher_desk","staticobj_wall_fen6_8","staticobj_furniture_library_a","staticobj_ruin_house_2b03_proxy","staticobj_misc_timbers1","staticobj_misc_timbers2","staticobj_misc_timbers3","staticobj_misc_timbers4","staticobj_ruin_house_1b01_1_proxy","staticobj_roads_partpath_rock_curve","staticobj_wreck_digger","staticobj_furniture_carpet_2_dz","staticobj_furniture_lab_vial","staticobj_furniture_couch_dz","staticobj_decal_dirt_damage_long3","staticobj_pipe_small_l45","staticobj_rail_crossing_block_10","staticobj_container_2e","staticobj_furniture_hangar_lamp","staticobj_chair_crushed","staticobj_sidewalk3_narrow_12m","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_multiple_redwhite","staticobj_ruin_house_2w04_proxy","staticobj_mil_blastcover2","staticobj_mil_blastcover3","staticobj_mil_blastcover4","staticobj_pier_concrete1_l","staticobj_rail_polett2","staticobj_ruin_house_2w01_proxy","staticobj_airfield_light_navig","staticobj_castle_wall3_d_l","staticobj_wall_fenr_3","staticobj_garbage_pile8","staticobj_roads_partcity_60_10","staticobj_ruin_house_1b01_2_proxy","staticobj_ruin_housesmall2_proxy_bricks","staticobj_roads_partgrav_7_100","staticobj_roads_partasf2_10_75","staticobj_ruin_housebig2_proxy_02","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_narrow_2m","staticobj_wall_cgrylow_5","staticobj_wall_stone","staticobj_furniture_workbench_dz","staticobj_wall_indvar1_5_2","staticobj_pier_wooden1_end","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix4","staticobj_furniture_workbench","staticobj_wall_cgrylow_end1","staticobj_rubble_rocks2","staticobj_misc_transformer","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_pole","staticobj_roads_partmud_0_2000","staticobj_roads_partrunway_end15","staticobj_furniture_luxury_light","staticobj_rubble_metal2","staticobj_rubble_metal3","staticobj_wall_fen3_8","staticobj_wall_milcnc_4","staticobj_cemetery_tombstone8_damaged","staticobj_rail_track_sp","staticobj_ruin_house_1w12_proxy","staticobj_rail_polet","staticobj_roads_partrunway_end33","staticobj_pipe_small2_high_8m","staticobj_ruin_rubble","staticobj_panel_concrete_dam","staticobj_roads_partasf1_6konec","staticobj_platform1_stairs_30_walll","staticobj_lamp_stadium","staticobj_furniture_vise","staticobj_roads_partkr_x_city_city_asf3","staticobj_roads_partasf3_12","staticobj_mine_conveyer1_endbuild","staticobj_roads_partasf1_22_50","staticobj_wall_fen6_pole","staticobj_furniture_scale","staticobj_misc_mysteriousbell","staticobj_misc_concreteblock1_end","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_4m","staticobj_roads_partasf3_25","staticobj_wall_canal_10","staticobj_skilift_tower_end","staticobj_wall_tin7_pole","staticobj_misc_stadiumbenches","staticobj_sidewalk3_wide_4m","staticobj_airfield_light_reflector","staticobj_furniture_intercom_speaker","staticobj_furniture_blackboard","staticobj_roads_partkr_x_asf1_city","staticobj_roadblock_cncblock","staticobj_roads_partcity_15_75","staticobj_furniture_lab_dropper","staticobj_ruin_house_2b04_proxy","staticobj_furniture_case_cans_b","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_t_1","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_t_2","staticobj_misc_range_single","staticobj_rail_track_turnoutl","staticobj_rail_track_turnoutr","staticobj_wall_silagewall_5_d","staticobj_wall_fen3_d","staticobj_wall_wood2_5_end_2","staticobj_piano_broken","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank1_grass","staticobj_roads_partasf2_22_50","staticobj_rail_tracke_r25_5","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2_grass_l","staticobj_mil_reinforcedtank2_grass_r","staticobj_wall_woodvil_4_2","staticobj_sidewalk3_wide_12m","staticobj_wall_cnc_5","staticobj_furniture_chest_dz","staticobj_skilift_rope_start","staticobj_bed_large_metal_crushed","staticobj_furniture_library_a_open","staticobj_furniture_picture_d_02","staticobj_wreck_trailer_flat","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf3_mud","staticobj_ruin_housesmall2_proxy","staticobj_furniture_tools_racking_dz","staticobj_cementworks_conveyor_up1","staticobj_cementworks_conveyor_up2","staticobj_cementworks_conveyor_up3","staticobj_decal_dirt_rocks1","staticobj_platform2_stairs_30","staticobj_wreck_t72_turret","staticobj_mil_aircraftshelter_grass_l","staticobj_mil_aircraftshelter_grass_r","staticobj_roads_partrunway_dirt_1","staticobj_roads_partrunway_dirt_2","staticobj_chair_broken","staticobj_furniture_student_desk","staticobj_misc_football_line_corner","staticobj_furniture_table","staticobj_misc_trafficlights","staticobj_roads_partasf3_22_50","staticobj_rail_tracke_l30_20","staticobj_furniture_lab_teacher_bench","staticobj_picture_g","staticobj_wall_fen5_10","staticobj_carpet_big_dirty","staticobj_wall_wood1d_5","staticobj_pipe_big_support","staticobj_furniture_flowers_01","staticobj_furniture_flowers_02","staticobj_wall_cgry_corner","staticobj_castle_wall3","staticobj_misc_concretepanels","staticobj_roads_partasf2_6","staticobj_wall_cbrk_corner","staticobj_misc_sunshade","staticobj_furniture_lab_cylinder_beaker","staticobj_misc_boxwooden","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_spoj","staticobj_furniture_school_ringbell","staticobj_wall_forfieldfen_2","staticobj_wall_tincom_3","staticobj_busstation_corner","staticobj_wall_fenforest_5_d","staticobj_furniture_wall_board","staticobj_sidewalk1_end","staticobj_wall_indvar3_pole","staticobj_busstation_roof_big","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_blue_v1","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_blue_v2","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_blue_v3","staticobj_furniture_kitchenstove_elec","staticobj_pipe_small2_8m","staticobj_roads_partcity_10_25","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf1_asf3","staticobj_misc_tire","staticobj_rail_bridge_15_3tracks","staticobj_rail_tracke_2","staticobj_forest_humanskeleton","staticobj_wall_garbcont","staticobj_rail_track_passing_10","staticobj_wall_tin_4","staticobj_furniture_luxury_lamp","staticobj_roads_partkr_x_asf2_asf3","staticobj_rail_track_passing_25","staticobj_power_hv_tower","staticobj_dead_pile1","staticobj_dead_pile2","staticobj_dead_pile3","staticobj_dead_pile4","staticobj_roads_partmud_30_25","staticobj_wall_indcnc_end_2","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_spoj_2","staticobj_roads_partcity_10_50","staticobj_chair_leisure_broken","staticobj_wall_railing_endr","staticobj_misc_boundarystone_plastic","staticobj_wall_indfnc_3_hole","staticobj_ruin_church2_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_furniture_shelfs_small_crushed","staticobj_furniture_radar_panel","staticobj_misc_deconshower_large","staticobj_furniture_dkamna_bila","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_border_2m","staticobj_pipe_big_9m","staticobj_wall_tin6_1_pole","staticobj_sidewalk1_10m","staticobj_wall_wood3_4","staticobj_ruin_wall","staticobj_misc_bench1","staticobj_misc_bench2","staticobj_misc_bench3","staticobj_misc_bench4","staticobj_misc_bench5","staticobj_misc_bench6","staticobj_misc_bench8","staticobj_misc_bench9","staticobj_hanged_civil","staticobj_wall_stoned","staticobj_ruin_house_1w03_proxy","staticobj_wall_fen7_4","staticobj_furniture_school_cage","staticobj_power_pole_conct","staticobj_wall_stone2","staticobj_roads_partcity_10_100","staticobj_wreck_ural","staticobj_mine_rail_switch","staticobj_construction_hopper","staticobj_furniture_lab_microscope","staticobj_decal_damage_medium7","staticobj_garbage_container_glass","staticobj_sidewalk2_5m","staticobj_cemetery_grave2","staticobj_cemetery_grave3","staticobj_cemetery_grave4","staticobj_wall_fen2_6","staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_half_proxy_01","staticobj_quarry_conveyerlong","staticobj_transmitter_small2","staticobj_wall_fen4_4","staticobj_furniture_phonebox","staticobj_wall_fenw_7_d","staticobj_wall_pipefence_4_nolc","staticobj_wall_indcnc3_end","staticobj_furniture_dirtpile_small_house","staticobj_road_sidewalk4_border_4m","staticobj_furniture_class_case_a_open","staticobj_wall_feng_3","staticobj_wreck_decal_small2","staticobj_wall_pipefencewall_8","staticobj_pier_crane_rails","staticobj_ruin_house_1w04_proxy","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_pole","staticobj_pipe_small_u","staticobj_misc_football_line","staticobj_decal_damage_long6","staticobj_mil_blastcover1_grass","staticobj_pipe_small2_ground","staticobj_furniture_flag_chernarus_wall","staticobj_furniture_basketball_korb","staticobj_garbage_container2_open","staticobj_pipe_med_buildl","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_1_end","staticobj_pipe_med_buildr","staticobj_platform2_enter","staticobj_rail_signals","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_01","staticobj_misc_obstacle_pass","staticobj_misc_antenna","staticobj_roads_partcity_1_1000","staticobj_wreck_powgen","staticobj_misc_roadbarrier","staticobj_wall_railing_1","staticobj_ruin_house_1w05_proxy","staticobj_chair_leisure","staticobj_wall_indcnc2_3","staticobj_mil_hbarrier_4m","staticobj_furniture_lobby_chair","staticobj_furniture_lobby_case","staticobj_pier_concrete3_end","staticobj_skilift_rope_end","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_corner","staticobj_mil_blastcover2_grass","staticobj_wall_fen3_pole","staticobj_cableway_rope","staticobj_mil_hbarrier_round","staticobj_mil_hbarrier_6m","staticobj_furniture_lab_erlenmeyer_flask","staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_proxy_02","staticobj_misc_table_camp_small","staticobj_roads_partrunway_beton","staticobj_furniture_light_bathroom","staticobj_furniture_drapes_long","staticobj_mil_hbarrier_big","staticobj_platform2_stairs_30_wallr","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_city_city","staticobj_transmitter_box","staticobj_furniture_sofa_leather_new","staticobj_furniture_long_bench","staticobj_wall_woodf_5","staticobj_wall_indcnch_5","staticobj_wall_tincom_9","staticobj_misc_tirepile","staticobj_wall_polewall_5_2","staticobj_misc_bagfence_corner","staticobj_mil_blastcover3_grass","staticobj_misc_dragonteeth_single_redwhite","staticobj_wall_fen1_5_pole","staticobj_wall_cgry_end","staticobj_wall_indcnc_4","staticobj_slum_roof4","staticobj_furniture_lab_volume_beaker","staticobj_rail_platform_segment","staticobj_tank_small_gas","staticobj_rail_bridge_15_curve","staticobj_wall_tin_4_2","staticobj_shed_open_small_complete","staticobj_pier_concrete1_cornerout","staticobj_wall_indcnc_pole","staticobj_wall_tin7_8","staticobj_bridge_metal_25_1","staticobj_furniture_bar_shelves_dz","staticobj_furniture_shelf_1side","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch01","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch03","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch04","staticobj_skilift_rope_middle","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch07","staticobj_wall_woodf_5_2","staticobj_roadblock_bags_long","staticobj_castle_wall3_d_r","staticobj_mine_heap","staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_dam","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch10","staticobj_wall_indfnc_pole","staticobj_decal_asphalt_patch12","staticobj_ruin_house_1w07_proxy","staticobj_roads_partasf1_12","staticobj_cementworks_conveyormilla","staticobj_cementworks_conveyormillb","staticobj_transmitter_small1","staticobj_sidewalk1_corner","staticobj_smokestack_big_ruin_mid","staticobj_roads_partpath_dirt_10","staticobj_wall_fenforest_5","staticobj_furniture_picture_e_02","staticobj_furniture_ch_mod_c","staticobj_furniture_metalcase_01","staticobj_furniture_ch_mod_h","staticobj_furniture_office_desk","staticobj_furniture_locker_open_v2","staticobj_shellcrater2_debris","staticobj_ruin_housebig2_proxy_01","staticobj_roads_partpath_dirt_30","staticobj_racks","staticobj_wall_fen1_5_2","staticobj_misc_barbedwire","staticobj_rail_track_lb_re","staticobj_mil_artilery_rampart","staticobj_power_hv_line_turnl","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_pole","staticobj_roads_partpath_dirt_curve","staticobj_furniture_pokladna","staticobj_path_panels_damaged","staticobj_wall_railing_2_slope","staticobj_rail_bridge_15_end","staticobj_roads_partasf3_6","staticobj_wall_fenw_7_s","staticobj_rail_platform_cross","staticobj_wall_indvar2_pole","staticobj_cementworks_conveyortowerb","staticobj_mine_conveyer1_10","staticobj_roads_partcity_22_50","staticobj_wreck_brdm","staticobj_wall_pipefence_4","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth_02_template","staticobj_furniture_canister_dz","staticobj_misc_timbers_log1","staticobj_misc_timbers_log2","staticobj_misc_timbers_log3","staticobj_misc_timbers_log4","staticobj_misc_timbers_log5","staticobj_roads_partasf3_0_2000","staticobj_slum_roof6","staticobj_misc_table","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_roads_partkr_x_asf1_asf3","staticobj_ruin_houseblock_total","staticobj_pier_concrete2","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_mud_mud","staticobj_wall_indfnc_3","staticobj_misc_woodpile2","staticobj_furniture_dkamna_uhli","staticobj_wall_tincom_9_2","staticobj_roads_partpath_rock_10","staticobj_picture_a","staticobj_picture_b","staticobj_picture_c","staticobj_picture_d","staticobj_picture_e","staticobj_picture_f","staticobj_barn_strawstack","staticobj_pipe_medl_cornerr","staticobj_furniture_lab_petri_dish","staticobj_misc_concretepipe","staticobj_ruin_house_1w09_proxy","staticobj_wall_indvar1_5_d","staticobj_wreck_bulldozer","staticobj_furniture_couch_beige84x213x75_dz","staticobj_rubble_metal1","staticobj_rail_track_l25_10","staticobj_roads_partpath_rock_30","staticobj_ruin_house_2w05_proxy","staticobj_furniture_office_chair","staticobj_wall_tin6_1_4","staticobj_target_concrete1","staticobj_target_concrete2","staticobj_monument_enoch2","staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_100","staticobj_lamp_ind","staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_full","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf3_asf2","staticobj_roads_partkr_t_asf3_asf3","staticobj_wall_wood4_4","staticobj_wall_fenr_pole","staticobj_roads_partgrav_60_10","staticobj_furniture_icebox","staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_5deg","staticobj_cemetery_grave1","staticobj_sidewalk3_wideb_4m","staticobj_wall_cgrylow_end2","staticobj_furniture_boots_dz","staticobj_misc_crashbarrier","staticobj_furniture_lab_triplebeam","staticobj_flowerpot","staticobj_sidewalk1_5m","staticobj_sidewalk1_turn_30deg","staticobj_rail_tracke_r30_20","staticobj_lamp_halogen","staticobj_furniture_light_kitchen_03","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_8","staticobj_furniture_kitchen_desk_a","staticobj_misc_obstacle_ramp","staticobj_hanged_doctor","staticobj_pipe_small2_high_curve","staticobj_target_concrete_ramp","staticobj_rail_track_r25_10","staticobj_ruin_housesmall1_proxy_01","staticobj_mil_artilery_nest","staticobj_roads_partgrav_10_100","staticobj_wall_indcnc4_low_pole","staticobj_ruin_mil_controltower_proxy","staticobj_decal_damage_medium4","staticobj_decal_damage_medium5","staticobj_wall_indvar1_5","staticobj_decal_damage_medium6","staticobj_misc_bagfence_3m","staticobj_furniture_carpet_big","staticobj_roadblock_cncblocks_long","staticobj_decal_damage_medium9","staticobj_misc_surveymarker_cover","staticobj_roads_partasf3_1_1000","staticobj_wall_milcnc_corner","staticobj_panel_concrete_1","staticobj_panel_concrete_2","staticobj_roads_partasf3_10_75","staticobj_wall_railing_2","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_proxy_overgrowth_02","staticobj_misc_fountain","staticobj_wreck_ship_medium_front","staticobj_ruin_housebig1_half_proxy_overgrowth","staticobj_power_pole_wood5_j","staticobj_shed_open_big_complete","staticobj_wall_wood2_5_pole","staticobj_misc_hedgehog_concrete","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_draha","staticobj_roads_partgrav_15_75","staticobj_monument_enoch1","staticobj_misc_range_line_dispersions","staticobj_furniture_wall_board_02","staticobj_furniture_wall_board_03","staticobj_wall_indfnc2_9","staticobj_wall_fen2_pole","staticobj_mil_hbarrier_1m","staticobj_decal_asphalt_fix1","staticobj_furniture_lab_bench","staticobj_roads_partgrav_1_1000","staticobj_misc_haystack","staticobj_decal_damage_long7","staticobj_decal_damage_long8","staticobj_roads_partasf2_6_crosswalk","staticobj_furniture_class_case_b_closed","staticobj_furniture_drapes","staticobj_furniture_case_sink_a","staticobj_wall_cbrk_5","staticobj_wall_fenvineyard","staticobj_garbage_bin","staticobj_furniture_foldingbed_open","staticobj_misc_tirepile_group","staticobj_misc_tree_pavement1","staticobj_misc_tree_pavement2","staticobj_misc_tree_pavement3","staticobj_road_sidewalk_stairs","staticobj_sidewalk1_tcross","staticobj_furniture_patient_monitor","staticobj_furniture_metal_cutting_saw","staticobj_misc_boundarystone_tube","staticobj_roads_partrunway_poj_l_1","staticobj_forest_deerskeleton_skull","Land_Mil_Fortified_Nest_Watchtower","StaticObj_Misc_WoodPile1","Land_Container_1Bo","Land_Container_1Mo"];

FILE 4

IN-Game STructures

**Wrecks**
"Land_Wreck_Uaz",
"Land_Boat_Small1",
"Land_Boat_Small2",
"Land_Boat_Small3",
"Land_Ship_Big_FrontA",
"Land_Ship_Big_FrontB",
"Land_Ship_Big_BackA",
"Land_Ship_Big_BackB",
"Land_Ship_Big_Castle",
"Land_Train_742_Blue",
"Land_Train_742_Red",
"Land_Train_Wagon_Box",
"Land_Train_Wagon_Tanker",
"Land_Wreck_Caravan_MGreen",
"Land_Wreck_Caravan_MRust",
"Land_Wreck_Caravan_WBrown",
"Land_Wreck_Caravan_WGreen",
"Land_Wreck_Ikarus",
"Land_Wreck_Lada_Green",
"Land_Wreck_Lada_Red",
"Land_Wreck_S1023_Blue",
"Land_Wreck_S1023_Beige",
"Land_Wreck_V3S",
"Land_Wreck_Volha_Blue",
"Land_Wreck_Volha_Grey",
"Land_Wreck_C130J",
"Wreck_UH1Y",
"Wreck_Mi8",
"Land_Wreck_Volha_Police"

**Industrial**
"Land_Cementworks_Conveyorhall",
"Land_CementWorks_SiloBig1A",
"Land_CementWorks_ExpeditionA",
"Land_CementWorks_Hall1",
"Land_CementWorks_Hall2_Brick",
"Land_CementWorks_Hall2_Grey",
"Land_CementWorks_MillA",
"Land_CementWorks_MillB",
"Land_CementWorks_MillC",
"Land_CementWorks_RotFurnace",
"Land_CementWorks_ExpeditionB",
"Land_CementWorks_ExpeditionC",
"Land_Construction_Building",
"Land_Construction_Crane",
"Land_Construction_House1",
"Land_Construction_House2",
"Land_Container_1Aoh",
"Land_Container_1Bo",
"Land_Container_1Mo",
"Land_Container_1Moh",
"Land_Dam_Concrete_20_Floodgate",
"Land_Barn_Brick1",
"Land_Barn_Brick2",
"Land_Barn_Wood1",
"Land_Barn_Wood2",
"Land_Barn_Metal_Big",
"Land_Farm_CowshedA",
"Land_Farm_CowshedB",
"Land_Farm_CowshedC",
"Land_Farm_Hopper",
"Land_Farm_Watertower",
"Land_Farm_WaterTower_Small",
"Land_Garage_Big",
"Land_Garage_Row_Big",
"Land_Garage_Row_Small",
"Land_Garage_Office",
"Land_Garage_Small",
"Land_Boathouse",
"Land_Lighthouse",
"Land_Pier_Crane_A",
"and_Pier_Crane_B",
"Land_Factory_Lathes",
"Land_Factory_Small",
"Land_Guardhouse",
"Land_Repair_Center",
"Land_Water_Station",
"Land_Workshop1",
"Land_Workshop2",
"Land_Workshop3",
"Land_Workshop4",
"Land_Workshop5",
"Land_Mine_Building",
"Land_Misc_Scaffolding",
"Land_Pipe_Big_BuildR",
"Land_Pipe_Big_BuildL",
"Land_Pipe_Big_CornerL",
"Land_Pipe_Big_CornerR",
"Land_Pipe_Big_Ground1",
"Land_Pipe_Big_Ground2",
"Land_Power_Station",
"Land_Power_Transformer_Build",
"Land_Power_Pole_Conc1_Amp",
"Land_Power_Pole_Conc4_Lamp_Amp",
"Land_Power_Pole_Wood1_Amp",
"Land_Power_Pole_Wood1_Lamp_Amp",
"Land_Quarry_Main",
"Land_Sawmill_Building",
"Land_Sawmill_Illuminanttower",
"Land_Shed_Closed",
"Land_Smokestack_Big",
"Land_Smokestack_Brick",
"Land_Smokestack_Metal",
"Land_Tank_Big",
"Land_Tank_Medium_Stairs",
"Land_CoalPlant_Main",
"Land_Smokestack_Medium"

**Military**
"Land_Mil_CamoNet_Roof_east",
"Land_Mil_Airfield_HQ",
"Land_Mil_ATC_Small",
"Land_Mil_ATC_Big",
"Land_Mil_Barracks1",
"Land_Mil_Barracks2",
"Land_Mil_Barracks3",
"Land_Mil_Barracks4",
"Land_Mil_Barracks5",
"Land_Mil_Barracks6",
"Land_Mil_Barracks_Round",
"Land_Mil_Guardhouse1",
"Land_Mil_Guardhouse2",
"Land_Mil_Tower_Small",
"Land_Mil_GuardTower",
"Land_Mil_Fortified_Nest_Big",
"Land_Mil_Fortified_Nest_Small",
"Land_Mil_Fortified_Nest_Watchtower",
"Land_Mil_GuardShed",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big1_1",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big1_2",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big1_3",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big1_4",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big1_5",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big2_1",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big2_2",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big2_3",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big2_4",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big2_5",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big3",
"Land_Mil_Tent_Big4",
"Land_Tisy_RadarPlatform_Top",
"Land_Tisy_KitchenRoom",
"Land_Tisy_HQ",
"Land_Tisy_Garages",
"Land_Tisy_RadarB_Base",
"Land_Tisy_RadarB_Antenna",
"Land_Tisy_Base_cooler",
"Land_Tisy_Barracks",
"Land_Airfield_Hangar_Green",
"Land_Airfield_ServiceHangar_R",
"Land_Airfield_ServiceHangar_L",
"Land_Mil_AircraftShelter",
"Land_Airfield_Radar_Tall",
"Land_Mil_ReinforcedTank1",
"Land_Mil_ReinforcedTank2"

**Rail**
"Land_Rail_Station_Big",
"Land_Rail_Station_Small",
"Land_Rail_Warehouse_Small"

**Residential**
"GardenPlot",
"Polytunnel",
"Land_BusStation_building",
"Land_BusStation_wall_bench",
"Land_BusStop_City",
"Land_City_FireStation",
"Land_HouseBlock_1F_Corner",
"Land_HouseBlock_1F1",
"Land_HouseBlock_1F2",
"Land_HouseBlock_1F3",
"Land_HouseBlock_1F4",
"Land_HouseBlock_2F_Corner",
"Land_HouseBlock_2F1",
"Land_HouseBlock_2F2",
"Land_HouseBlock_2F3",
"Land_HouseBlock_2F4",
"Land_HouseBlock_2F5",
"Land_HouseBlock_2F6",
"Land_HouseBlock_2F7",
"Land_HouseBlock_2F8",
"Land_HouseBlock_2F9",
"Land_HouseBlock_3F_Corner1",
"Land_HouseBlock_3F_Corner2",
"Land_HouseBlock_3F1",
"Land_HouseBlock_3F2",
"Land_HouseBlock_5F",
"Land_City_Stand_FastFood",
"Land_City_Stand_Grocery",
"Land_City_Stand_News1",
"Land_City_Stand_News2",
"Land_House_1B01_Pub",
"Land_House_1W01",
"Land_House_1W02",
"Land_House_1W03",
"Land_House_1W04",
"Land_House_1W05",
"Land_House_1W06",
"Land_House_1W07",
"Land_House_1W08",
"Land_House_1W09",
"Land_House_1W10",
"Land_House_1W11",
"Land_House_1W12",
"Land_House_2B01",
"Land_House_2B02",
"Land_House_2B03",
"Land_House_2B04",
"Land_House_2W01",
"Land_House_2W02",
"Land_House_2W03",
"Land_House_2W04",
"Land_Village_Pub",
"Land_City_Hospital",
"Land_Village_HealthCare",
"Land_Ladder",
"Land_Ladder_Half",
"Land_Misc_FeedShack",
"Land_Misc_DogHouse",
"Land_Misc_DeerStand2",
"Land_Misc_DeerStand1",
"Land_Misc_Greenhouse",
"Land_Misc_Toilet_Mobile",
"Land_Misc_Toilet_Dry",
"Land_Misc_Well_Pump_Yellow",
"Land_Misc_Well_Pump_Blue",
"Land_Lamp_City1_amp",
"Land_Office_Municipal1",
"Land_Office_Municipal2",
"Land_Office1",
"Land_Office2",
"Land_Village_PoliceStation",
"Land_City_PoliceStation",
"Land_City_School",
"Land_Shed_M1",
"Land_Shed_M3",
"Land_Shed_M4",
"Land_Shed_W1",
"Land_Shed_W2",
"Land_Shed_W3",
"Land_Shed_W4",
"Land_Shed_W5",
"Land_Shed_W6",
"Land_City_Store",
"Land_City_Store_WithStairs",
"Land_Village_store",
"Land_Tenement_Big",
"Land_Tenement_Small"

**Specific**
"Land_Radio_PanelBig",
"Land_Radio_PanelPAS",
"Land_Tower_TC3_Red",
"Land_Tower_TC3_Grey",
"Land_Church1_Yellow",
"Land_Airfield_Small_Control",
"Land_Airfield_Small_Hangar",
"Land_Cableway_Base",
"Land_Cableway_Tower",
"Land_Cableway_Tower_Slope",
"Land_Camp_House_white",
"Land_Camp_House_brown",
"Land_Camp_House_red",
"Land_Castle_Bastion",
"Land_Castle_Bastion_nolc",
"Land_Castle_Gate",
"Land_Castle_Wall1_20",
"Land_Castle_Wall1_20_Turn",
"Land_Castle_Wall1_Corner1",
"Land_Castle_Wall1_End1",
"Land_Castle_Wall1_End2",
"Land_Castle_Wall2_30",
"Land_Castle_Wall2_Corner1",
"Land_Castle_Wall2_End1",
"Land_Castle_Wall2_End2",
"Land_Castle_WallS_10",
"Land_Castle_WallS_5_D",
"Land_Castle_WallS_End",
"Land_Castle_Stairs",
"Land_Castle_Stairs_nolc",
"Land_Castle_Wall1_Corner2",
"Land_Castle_Wall2_Corner2",
"Land_Castle_Bergfrit",
"Land_Castle_Donjon",
"Land_Dead_MassGrave",
"Land_FuelStation_Build",
"Land_FuelStation_Feed",
"Land_Hotel_Damaged",
"Land_Hotel",
"Land_Chapel",
"Land_Church2_2",
"Land_Church3",
"Land_Lunapark_Autodrome",
"Land_Lunapark_Carousel_Swan",
"Land_Lunapark_Ferris_wheel",
"Land_Lunapark_Shooting_Gallery",
"Land_Prison_Main",
"Land_Prison_Side",
"Land_Prison_Wall_Large",
"Land_Radio_building",
"Land_Monument_T34",
"Land_Tower_TC1",
"Land_Tower_TC2_Base",
"Land_Tower_TC2_Mid",
"Land_Tower_TC2_Top",
"Land_Tower_TC4_Base",
"Land_Tower_TC4_Mid",
"Land_Tower_TC4_Top"

**Walls**
"Land_Wall_Gate_Camp",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Fen2_L",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Fen2_R",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenG",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenG_Big",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenG_Big_L",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenG_Big_Open",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenG_Big_R",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenG_Open",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenR",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenR_Big",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenR_Big_L",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenR_Big_Open",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenR_Big_R",
"Land_Wall_Gate_FenR_Open",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Ind1_L",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Ind1_R",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Ind2A_L",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Ind2A_R",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Ind2B_L",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Ind2B_R",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Ind2Rail_L",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Ind2Rail_R",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Village",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Wood1",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Wood2",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Wood3",
"Land_Wall_Gate_Wood4"

FILE 5 Player GEAR

**Backpacks**
"BagTaloon_Blue",
"BagTaloon_Green",
"BagTaloon_Orange",
"BagTaloon_Violet",
"BagCourierImprovised",
"BagCourierImprovisedFur",
"BagImprovised",
"BagImprovisedFur",
"BagHunting",
"BagMountain_Blue",
"BagMountain_Green",
"BagMountain_Orange",
"BagMountain_Red",
"BagChilds_Blue",
"BagChilds_Green",
"BagChilds_Red",
"GhillieBushragWoodland",
"GhillieTopWoodland",
"GhillieSuitWoodland",
"GhillieBushragTan",
"GhillieTopTan",
"GhillieSuitTan",
"GhillieBushragMossy",
"GhillieTopMossy",
"GhillieSuitMossy",
"LeatherSack_Natural",
"LeatherSack_Black",
"LeatherSack_Beige",
"LeatherSack_Brown",
"AssaultBag_Ttsko",
"AssaultBag_Black",
"AssaultBag_Green",
"CoyoteBag_Brown",
"CoyoteBag_Green",
"AliceBag_Green",
"AliceBag_Black",
"AliceBag_Camo"

**Belts**
"LeatherBelt_Beige"

**Glasses**
"SportGlasses",
"AviatorGlasses",
"DesignerGlasses",
"ThickFramesGlasses",
"ThinFramesGlasses"

**Gloves**
"WorkingGloves_Black",
"WorkingGloves_Beige",
"WorkingGloves_Brown",
"WorkingGloves_Yellow",
"TacticalGloves_Beige",
"TacticalGloves_Black",
"TacticalGloves_Green",
"NBCGlovesGray"

**Headgear**
"BallisticHelmet_Green",
"BallisticHelmet_Black",
"BallisticHelmet_UN",
"BaseballCap_Blue",
"BaseballCap_Beige",
"BaseballCap_Black",
"BaseballCap_Olive",
"BaseballCap_Pink",
"BaseballCap_Red",
"BaseballCap_Camo",
"BaseballCap_CMMG_Black",
"BaseballCap_CMMG_Pink",
"ZSh3PilotHelmet",
"ZSh3PilotHelmet_Green",
"ZSh3PilotHelmet_Black",
"ConstructionHelmet_Blue",
"ConstructionHelmet_Lime",
"ConstructionHelmet_Orange",
"ConstructionHelmet_Red",
"ConstructionHelmet_White",
"ConstructionHelmet_Yellow",
"BurlapSackCover",
"BeanieHat_Beige",
"BeanieHat_Black",
"BeanieHat_Blue",
"BeanieHat_Brown",
"BeanieHat_Green",
"BeanieHat_Grey",
"BeanieHat_Pink",
"BeanieHat_Red",
"Ushanka_Black",
"Ushanka_Blue",
"Ushanka_Green",
"MotoHelmet_Black",
"MotoHelmet_Grey",
"MotoHelmet_Green",
"MotoHelmet_Lime",
"MotoHelmet_Blue",
"MotoHelmet_Red",
"MotoHelmet_White",
"DarkMotoHelmet_Black",
"DarkMotoHelmet_Grey",
"DarkMotoHelmet_Green",
"DarkMotoHelmet_Lime",
"DarkMotoHelmet_Blue",
"DarkMotoHelmet_Red",
"DarkMotoHelmet_White",
"Headtorch_Black",
"BandanaUntieable_RedPattern",
"BandanaUntieable_BlackPattern",
"BandanaUntieable_PolkaPattern",
"BandanaUntieable_Greenpattern",
"BandanaUntieable_CamoPattern",
"RadarCap_Black",
"RadarCap_Blue",
"RadarCap_Brown",
"RadarCap_Green",
"RadarCap_Red",
"MilitaryBeret_Red",
"MilitaryBeret_UN",
"MilitaryBeret_NZ",
"MilitaryBeret_ChDKZ",
"MilitaryBeret_CDF",
"FlatCap_Black",
"FlatCap_Blue",
"FlatCap_Red",
"FlatCap_Brown",
"FlatCap_Grey",
"FlatCap_BrownCheck",
"FlatCap_GreyCheck",
"FlatCap_BlackCheck",
"ZmijovkaCap_Black",
"ZmijovkaCap_Blue",
"ZmijovkaCap_Brown",
"ZmijovkaCap_Green",
"ZmijovkaCap_Red",
"CowboyHat_Brown",
"CowboyHat_black",
"CowboyHat_darkBrown",
"CowboyHat_green",
"BoonieHat_Black",
"BoonieHat_Blue",
"BoonieHat_DPM",
"BoonieHat_Dubok",
"BoonieHat_Flecktran",
"BoonieHat_NavyBlue",
"BoonieHat_Olive",
"BoonieHat_Orange",
"BoonieHat_Red",
"BoonieHat_Tan",
"OfficerHat",
"PoliceCap",
"PilotkaCap",
"TankerHelmet",
"GorkaHelmet",
"GorkaHelmet_Green",
"GorkaHelmet_Black",
"GorkaHelmetComplete",
"GorkaHelmetComplete_Green",
"GorkaHelmetComplete_Black",
"FirefightersHelmet_Red",
"FirefightersHelmet_White",
"FirefightersHelmet_Yellow",
"SkateHelmet_Black",
"SkateHelmet_Blue",
"SkateHelmet_Gray",
"SkateHelmet_Green",
"SkateHelmet_Red",
"WeldingMask",
"PrisonerCap",
"GhillieHood_Tan",
"GhillieHood_Woodland",
"GhillieHood_Mossy",
"LeatherHat_Natural",
"LeatherHat_Beige",
"LeatherHat_Brown",
"LeatherHat_Black",
"MedicalScrubsHat_Blue",
"MedicalScrubsHat_White",
"MedicalScrubsHat_Green",
"GreatHelm",
"Ssh68Helmet",
"DirtBikeHelmet_Green",
"DirtBikeHelmet_Chernarus",
"DirtBikeHelmet_Khaki",
"DirtBikeHelmet_Police",
"DirtBikeHelmet_Red",
"DirtBikeHelmet_Black",
"DirtBikeHelmet_Blue",
"DirtBikeHelmet_Visor",
"DirtBikeHelmet_Mouthguard",
"NBCHoodGray",
"Universal_Bandana_Redpattern"

**Masks**
"GasMask",
"BandanaMask_RedPattern",
"BandanaMask_BlackPattern",
"BandanaMask_PolkaPattern",
"BandanaMask_GreenPattern",
"BandanaMask_CamoPattern",
"NioshFaceMask",
"BalaclavaMask_Black",
"BalaclavaMask_Blackskull",
"BalaclavaMask_Beige",
"BalaclavaMask_Blue",
"BalaclavaMask_Green",
"BalaclavaMask_Pink",
"BalaclavaMask_White",
"DallasMask",
"HoxtonMask",
"WolfMask",
"GP5GasMask" 

**Pants**
"Jeans_Black",
"Jeans_Blue",
"Jeans_Brown",
"Jeans_Green",
"Jeans_Grey",
"Jeans_BlueDark",
"CargoPants_Beige",
"CargoPants_Black",
"CargoPants_Blue",
"CargoPants_Green",
"CargoPants_Grey",
"TTSKOPants",
"HunterPants_Autumn",
"HunterPants_Brown",
"HunterPants_Spring",
"HunterPants_Summer",
"HunterPants_Winter",
"CanvasPants_Beige",
"CanvasPants_Blue",
"CanvasPants_Grey",
"CanvasPants_Red",
"CanvasPants_Violet",
"CanvasPantsMidi_ColorBase",
"CanvasPantsMidi_Beige",
"CanvasPantsMidi_Blue",
"CanvasPantsMidi_Grey",
"CanvasPantsMidi_Red",
"CanvasPantsMidi_Violet",
"TrackSuitPants_Black",
"TrackSuitPants_Blue",
"TrackSuitPants_Green",
"TrackSuitPants_Red",
"TrackSuitPants_LightBlue",
"GorkaPants_Summer",
"GorkaPants_Autumn",
"GorkaPants_Flat",
"GorkaPants_PautRev",
"PolicePants",
"PolicePantsOrel",
"ParamedicPants_Blue",
"ParamedicPants_Crimson",
"ParamedicPants_Green",
"FirefightersPants_Beige",
"FirefightersPants_Black",
"PrisonUniformPants",
"LeatherPants_Natural",
"LeatherPants_Beige",
"LeatherPants_Brown",
"LeatherPants_Black",
"MedicalScrubsPants_Blue",
"MedicalScrubsPants_Green",
"MedicalScrubsPants_White",
"USMCPants_Desert",
"USMCPants_Woodland",
"SlacksPants_Beige",
"SlacksPants_Black",
"SlacksPants_Blue",
"SlacksPants_Brown",
"SlacksPants_DarkGrey",
"SlacksPants_Khaki",
"SlacksPants_LightGrey",
"SlacksPants_White",
"BDUPants",
"NBCPantsGray",
"Breeches_Pink",
"Breeches_Red",
"Breeches_White",
"Breeches_Green",
"Breeches_Browncheck",
"Breeches_Blue",
"Breeches_Blackcheck",
"Breeches_Black",
"Breeches_Beige",
"Breeches_Beetcheck",
"ShortJeans_Black",
"ShortJeans_Blue",
"ShortJeans_Brown",
"ShortJeans_Darkblue",
"ShortJeans_Green",
"ShortJeans_Red",
"Skirt_Blue",
"Skirt_Red",
"Skirt_White",
"Skirt_Yellow"

**Shoes**
"AthleticShoes_Blue",
"AthleticShoes_Black",
"AthleticShoes_Brown",
"AthleticShoes_Green",
"AthleticShoes_Grey",
"HikingBoots_Brown",
"HikingBoots_Black",
"HikingBootsLow_Black",
"HikingBootsLow_Blue",
"HikingBootsLow_Beige",
"HikingBootsLow_Grey",
"Wellies_Black",
"Wellies_Brown",
"Wellies_Green",
"Wellies_Grey",
"WorkingBoots_Grey",
"WorkingBoots_Brown",
"WorkingBoots_Green",
"WorkingBoots_Yellow",
"WorkingBoots_Beige",
"JungleBoots_Beige",
"JungleBoots_Black",
"JungleBoots_Brown",
"JungleBoots_Green",
"JungleBoots_Olive",
"LeatherShoes_Beige",
"LeatherShoes_Black",
"LeatherShoes_Brown",
"LeatherShoes_Sunburst",
"LeatherShoes_White",
"MilitaryBoots_Beige",
"MilitaryBoots_Black",
"MilitaryBoots_Bluerock",
"MilitaryBoots_Brown",
"MilitaryBoots_Redpunk",
"CombatBoots_Beige",
"CombatBoots_Black",
"CombatBoots_Brown",
"CombatBoots_Green",
"CombatBoots_Grey",
"JoggingShoes_Black",
"JoggingShoes_Blue",
"JoggingShoes_Red",
"JoggingShoes_Violet",
"JoggingShoes_White",
"LeatherMoccasinsShoes_Black",
"LeatherMoccasinsShoes_Natural",
"LeatherMoccasinsShoes_Brown",
"LeatherMoccasinsShoes_Beige",
"Sneakers_Black",
"Sneakers_Gray",
"Sneakers_Green",
"Sneakers_Red",
"Sneakers_White",
"NBCBootsBase",
"NBCBootsGray",
"Ballerinas_Blue",
"Ballerinas_Red",
"Ballerinas_White",
"Ballerinas_Yellow" 

**Tops**
"Armband_Dyed",
"Armband_White",
"Armband_Yellow",
"Armband_Orange",
"Armband_Red",
"Armband_Green",
"Armband_Pink",
"Armband_Blue",
"Armband_Black",
"Sweater_Gray",
"Sweater_Blue",
"Sweater_Green",
"Sweater_Red",
"Shirt_BlueCheck",
"Shirt_BlueCheckBright",
"Shirt_GreenCheck",
"Shirt_RedCheck",
"Shirt_WhiteCheck",
"Shirt_PlaneBlack",
"TShirt_Beige",
"TShirt_Black",
"TShirt_Blue",
"TShirt_Dyed",
"TShirt_Green",
"TShirt_OrangeWhiteStripes",
"TShirt_Red",
"TShirt_RedBlackStripes",
"TShirt_White",
"TShirt_Grey",
"Hoodie_Blue",
"Hoodie_Black",
"Hoodie_Brown",
"Hoodie_Green",
"Hoodie_Grey",
"Hoodie_Red",
"TacticalShirt_Grey",
"TacticalShirt_Black",
"TacticalShirt_Olive",
"TacticalShirt_Tan",
"HikingJacket_Black",
"HikingJacket_Blue",
"HikingJacket_Red",
"HikingJacket_Green",
"Raincoat_Orange",
"Raincoat_Green",
"Raincoat_Yellow",
"Raincoat_Pink",
"Raincoat_Red",
"Raincoat_Blue",
"Raincoat_Black",
"M65Jacket_Black",
"M65Jacket_Khaki",
"M65Jacket_Tan",
"M65Jacket_Olive",
"TTsKOJacket_Camo",
"GorkaEJacket_Summer",
"GorkaEJacket_Flat",
"GorkaEJacket_Autumn",
"GorkaEJacket_PautRev",
"RidersJacket_Black",
"WoolCoat_Black",
"WoolCoat_Red",
"WoolCoat_Blue",
"WoolCoat_Green",
"WoolCoat_Beige",
"WoolCoat_RedCheck",
"WoolCoat_BlackCheck",
"WoolCoat_BlueCheck",
"WoolCoat_GreyCheck",
"WoolCoat_BrownCheck",
"TrackSuitJacket_Black",
"TrackSuitJacket_Blue",
"TrackSuitJacket_Green",
"TrackSuitJacket_LightBlue",
"TrackSuitJacket_Red",
"PoliceJacket",
"PoliceJacketOrel",
"ParamedicJacket_Blue",
"ParamedicJacket_Crimson",
"ParamedicJacket_Green",
"FirefighterJacket_Beige",
"FirefighterJacket_Black",
"PrisonUniformJacket",
"MiniDress_Pink",
"MiniDress_PinkChecker",
"MiniDress_RedChecker",
"MiniDress_WhiteChecker",
"MiniDress_GreenChecker",
"MiniDress_BrownChecker",
"MiniDress_BlueChecker",
"MiniDress_BlueWithDots",
"QuiltedJacket_Black",
"QuiltedJacket_Green",
"QuiltedJacket_Blue",
"QuiltedJacket_Red",
"QuiltedJacket_Grey",
"QuiltedJacket_Orange",
"QuiltedJacket_Yellow",
"QuiltedJacket_Violet",
"BomberJacket_Black",
"BomberJacket_Brown",
"BomberJacket_Blue",
"BomberJacket_Grey",
"BomberJacket_Maroon",
"BomberJacket_Olive",
"BomberJacket_SkyBlue",
"LeatherJacket_Natural",
"LeatherJacket_Beige",
"LeatherJacket_Brown",
"LeatherJacket_Black",
"HuntingJacket_Autumn",
"HuntingJacket_Brown",
"HuntingJacket_Spring",
"HuntingJacket_Summer",
"HuntingJacket_Winter",
"MedicalScrubsShirt_Blue",
"MedicalScrubsShirt_Green",
"MedicalScrubsShirt_White",
"LabCoat",
"NurseDress_White",
"NurseDress_Blue",
"USMCJacket_Desert",
"USMCJacket_Woodland",
"Blouse_Blue",
"Blouse_Green",
"Blouse_Violet",
"Blouse_White",
"NBCJacketBase",
"NBCJacketGray",
"TShirtAbove" 

**Vests**
"PlateCarrierHolster",
"PlateCarrierPouches",
"PlateCarrierComplete",
"PlateCarrierComplete2",
"SmershVest",
"SmershVestBackpack",
"BallisticVest",
"PressVest_Blue",
"PressVest_LightBlue",
"UKAssVest_Black",
"UKAssVest_Camo",
"UKAssVest_Khaki",
"UKAssVest_Olive",
"PoliceVest",
"PoliceVest_test",
"CarrierHolsterSolo",
"ChestHolster",
"HighCapacityVest_Black",
"HighCapacityVest_Olive",
"LeatherStorageVest_Natural",
"LeatherStorageVest_Beige",
"LeatherStorageVest_Brown",
"LeatherStorageVest_Black"

FILE 6 USEABLES

**Camping Gear**
"MediumTent",
"LargeTent",
"CarTent",
"PartyTent",
"ImprovisedShelterPitched",
"AdvancedImprovisedShelterPitched",
"CamoNetShelter",
"Watchtower",
"Fence",
"BarbedWire",
"CamoNet",
"SeaChest",
"UndergroundStash",
"Spotlight",
"XmasLights",
"Refridgerator",
"PowerGenerator",
"CableReel",
"BatteryCharger",
"HescoBox"

**Consumables**
"Paper",
"DuctTape",
"Bandana_ColorBase",
"Bandana_Redpattern",
"Bandana_Blackpattern",
"Bandana_Polkapattern",
"Bandana_Greenpattern",
"Bandana_Camopattern",
"Rag",
"BurlapStrip",
"Stone",
"SmallStone",
"Firewood",
"Battery9V",
"LargeGasCanister",
"MediumGasCanister",
"SmallGasCanister",
"ButaneCanister",
"Spraycan_ColorBase",
"Spraycan_Black",
"Spraycan_Green",
"Matchbox",
"NailBox",
"Roadflare",
"Chemlight_ColorBase",
"Chemlight_White",
"Chemlight_Red",
"Chemlight_Green",
"Chemlight_Blue",
"Chemlight_Yellow",
"WildboarPelt",
"RabbitPelt",
"CowPelt",
"PigPelt",
"DeerPelt",
"GoatPelt",
"BearPelt",
"WolfPelt",
"SheepPelt",
"MouflonPelt",
"FoxPelt",
"TannedLeather",
"Hook",
"BoneHook",
"Bark_ColorBase",
"Bark_Oak",
"Bark_Birch",
"Nail",
"Bone",
"Bait",
"BoneBait",
"GardenLime",
"Netting",
"WoodenPlank",
"PileOfWoodenPlanks",
"MetalPlate"

**Containers**
"Barrel_Green",
"Barrel_Blue",
"Barrel_Red",
"Barrel_Yellow",
"Refrigerator",
"RefrigeratorMinsk",
"TrashCan",
"FirstAidKit",
"SmallProtectorCase",
"CarrierPouches",
"AmmoBox",
"Bear_Beige",
"Bear_Dark",
"Bear_Pink",
"Bear_White",
"WaterproofBag_Yellow",
"WaterproofBag_Green",
"WaterproofBag_Orange"

**Cooking**
"ClutterCutterFireplace",
"Fireplace",
"FireplaceIndoor",
"BarrelHoles_Green",
"BarrelHoles_Blue",
"BarrelHoles_Red",
"BarrelHoles_Yellow",
"Pot",
"FryingPan",
"PortableGasStove",
"PortableGasLamp",
"Candle",
"PetrolLighter",
"Tripod"

**Crafting**
"BurlapSack",
"Rope",
"ImprovisedRope",
"MetalWire",
"WoodenStick",
"Torch",
"ChickenFeather",
"LongWoodenStick",
"GorkaHelmetVisor",
"HandDrillKit",
"Spear"

**Cultivation**
"ClutterCutter6x6",
"ClutterCutter2x2",
"TomatoSeeds",
"PepperSeeds",
"PumpkinSeeds",
"ZucchiniSeeds",
"CannabisSeeds",
"TomatoSeedsPack",
"PepperSeedsPack",
"PumpkinSeedsPack",
"ZucchiniSeedsPack",
"CannabisSeedsPack",
"PlantMaterial",
"AntiPestsSpray",
"ParticleTest",
"Plant_Tomato",
"Plant_Pepper",
"Plant_Potato",
"Plant_Pumpkin",
"Plant_Zucchini",
"Plant_Cannabis"

**Drinks**
"Canteen",
"WaterBottle",
"Vodka",
"WaterPouch_Natural"

**Edibles**
"BoxCerealCrunchin",
"PowderedMilk",
"SmallGuts",
"Guts",
"Rice",
"Marmalade",
"BakedBeansCan",
"BakedBeansCan_Opened",
"PeachesCan",
"PeachesCan_Opened",
"TacticalBaconCan",
"TacticalBaconCan_Opened",
"SpaghettiCan",
"SpaghettiCan_Opened",
"SardinesCan",
"SardinesCan_Opened",
"TunaCan",
"TunaCan_Opened",
"Apple",
"Banana",
"Orange",
"Tomato",
"GreenBellPepper",
"Zucchini",
"Pumpkin",
"SlicedPumpkin",
"Potato",
"Kiwi",
"SambucusBerry",
"CaninaBerry",
"Cannabis",
"Plum",
"Pear",
"HumanSteakMeat",
"GoatSteakMeat",
"MouflonSteakMeat",
"BoarSteakMeat",
"PigSteakMeat",
"DeerSteakMeat",
"WolfSteakMeat",
"BearSteakMeat",
"CowSteakMeat",
"SheepSteakMeat",
"FoxSteakMeat",
"ChickenBreastMeat",
"RabbitLegMeat",
"CarpFilletMeat",
"MackerelFilletMeat",
"Lard",
"Carp",
"Sardines",
"Mackerel",
"Worm",
"AgaricusMushroom",
"AmanitaMushroom",
"MacrolepiotaMushroom",
"LactariusMushroom",
"PsilocybeMushroom",
"AuriculariaMushroom"

**Medical**
"BandageDressing",
"DisinfectantSpray",
"DisinfectantAlcohol",
"PurificationTablets",
"CharcoalTablets",
"PainkillerTablets",
"VitaminBottle",
"TetracyclineAntibiotics",
"Epinephrine",
"Morphine",
"Syringe",
"ClearSyringe",
"BloodSyringe",
"InjectionVial",
"SalineBag",
"StartKitIV",
"SalineBagIV",
"BloodBagEmpty",
"BloodBagFull",
"BloodBagIV",
"BloodTestKit",
"Splint",
"Thermometer",
"Defibrillator",
"CigarettePack_Chernamorka",
"CigarettePack_Merkur",
"CigarettePack_Partyzanka"

**Navigation**
"ChernarusMap",
"ChernarusMap_Open",
"Compass",
"OrienteeringCompass"

**Optics**
"Rangefinder",
"Binoculars"

**Radio**
"PersonalRadio",
"BaseRadio",
"Megaphone",
"Radio"

**Tools**
"Flashlight",
"Pen_ColorBase",
"Pen_Black",
"Pen_Red",
"Pen_Green",
"Pen_Blue",
"CanOpener",
"Heatpack",
"MessTin",
"Pliers",
"Lockpick",
"WeaponCleaningKit",
"SewingKit",
"LeatherSewingKit",
"Handcuffs",
"HandcuffKeys",
"Cassette",
"Shovel",
"FieldShovel",
"Crowbar",
"FireExtinguisher",
"Hammer",
"MeatTenderizer",
"Wrench",
"LugWrench",
"Pipe",
"Screwdriver",
"Sickle",
"Hacksaw",
"KitchenKnife",
"SteakKnife",
"HayHook",
"StoneKnife",
"Mace",
"FarmingHoe",
"ImprovisedFishingRod",
"ObsoleteFishingRod",
"FishingRod",
"SledgeHammer",
"Iceaxe",
"Broom",
"Paddle",
"DoorTestCamera"

**Traps**
"BearTrap",
"LandMineTrap",
"SmallFishTrap",
"FishNetTrap",
"TripwireTrap",
"RabbitSnareTrap"

FILE 7 WEAPONS

**Lights**
"UniversalLight",
"TLRLight"

**Ammo**
"Ammo_45ACP",
"Ammo_308Win",
"Ammo_9x19",
"Ammo_380",
"Ammo_556x45",
"Ammo_762x54",
"Ammo_762x54Tracer",
"Ammo_762x39",
"Ammo_9x39",
"Ammo_22",
"Ammo_12gaPellets",
"Ammo_12gaSlug",
"Ammo_357",
"Ammo_545x39",
"Ammo_ArrowComposite",
"Ammo_SharpStick",
"Ammo_ArrowPrimitive",
"Ammo_ArrowBoned",
"Ammo_ArrowBolt",
"Ammo_DartSyringe",
"Ammo_Flare",
"Ammo_RPG7_HE",
"Ammo_RPG7_AP",
"Ammo_LAW_HE",
"Ammo_GrenadeM4"

**AmmoBox**
"AmmoBox_556x45_20Rnd",
"AmmoBox_308Win_20Rnd",
"AmmoBox_762x54_20Rnd",
"AmmoBox_762x39_20Rnd",
"AmmoBox_22_50Rnd",
"AmmoBox_357_20Rnd",
"AmmoBox_45ACP_25rnd",
"AmmoBox_9x19_25rnd",
"AmmoBox_380_35rnd",
"AmmoBox_00buck_10rnd",
"AmmoBox_545x39_20Rnd",
"AmmoBox_9x39_20Rnd"

**Magazines**
"Mag_FNX45_15Rnd",
"Mag_357Speedloader_6Rnd",
"Mag_DE_9rnd",
"Mag_1911_7Rnd",
"Mag_CZ75_15Rnd",
"Mag_Glock_15Rnd",
"Mag_P1_8Rnd",
"Mag_IJ70_8Rnd",
"Mag_MP5_15Rnd",
"Mag_MP5_30Rnd",
"Mag_PM73_15Rnd",
"Mag_PM73_25Rnd",
"Mag_CZ61_20Rnd",
"Mag_MKII_10Rnd",
"Mag_ShockCartridge",
"Mag_Ruger1022_10Rnd",
"Mag_Ruger1022_30Rnd",
"Mag_CLIP762x54_5Rnd",
"Mag_762x54Snaploader_2Rnd",
"Mag_308WinSnaploader_2Rnd",
"Mag_CLIP762x39_10Rnd",
"Mag_CLIP9x19_10Rnd",
"Mag_AKM_30Rnd",
"Mag_AKM_Drum75Rnd",
"Mag_AKM_Drum75Rnd_Black",
"Mag_AKM_Drum75Rnd_Green",
"Mag_AKM_Palm30Rnd",
"Mag_AKM_Palm30Rnd_Black",
"Mag_AKM_Palm30Rnd_Green",
"Mag_CZ527_5rnd",
"Mag_STANAG_30Rnd",
"Mag_STANAGCoupled_30Rnd",
"Mag_CMAG_10Rnd",
"Mag_CMAG_10Rnd_Black",
"Mag_CMAG_10Rnd_Green",
"Mag_CMAG_20Rnd",
"Mag_CMAG_20Rnd_Black",
"Mag_CMAG_20Rnd_Green",
"Mag_CMAG_30Rnd",
"Mag_CMAG_30Rnd_Black",
"Mag_CMAG_30Rnd_Green",
"Mag_CMAG_40Rnd",
"Mag_CMAG_40Rnd_Black",
"Mag_CMAG_40Rnd_Green",
"Mag_AK101_30Rnd",
"Mag_AK101_30Rnd_Black",
"Mag_AK101_30Rnd_Green",
"Mag_AK74_30Rnd",
"Mag_AK74_30Rnd_Black",
"Mag_AK74_30Rnd_Green",
"Mag_SVD_10Rnd",
"Mag_FAL_20Rnd",
"Mag_Scout_5Rnd",
"Mag_UMP_25Rnd",
"Mag_VSS_10Rnd",
"Mag_M249_Box200Rnd",
"Mag_12gaSnaploader_2Rnd",
"Mag_Saiga_5Rnd",
"Mag_Saiga_8Rnd",
"Mag_Saiga_Drum20Rnd",
"Mag_Arrows_Quiver",
"Mag_Bolts_Quiver",
"Mag_Dartgun_CO2",
"Mag_Groza_20Rnd",
"Mag_MakarovPB_8Rnd"

**Muzzles**
"AK_Bayonet",
"M9A1_Bayonet",
"Mosin_Bayonet",
"SKS_Bayonet",
"Mosin_Compensator",
"MP5_Compensator",
"ImprovisedSuppressor",
"M4_Suppressor",
"AK_Suppressor",
"PistolSuppressor",
"Groza_Barrel_Short",
"Groza_Barrel_Grip",
"Groza_Barrel_Suppressor",
"MakarovPBSuppressor",
"Aug_Barrel"

**Optics**
"M4_CarryHandleOptic",
"BUISOptic",
"M68Optic",
"M4_T3NRDSOptic",
"FNP45_MRDSOptic",
"Crossbow_RedpointOptic",
"ReflexOptic",
"ACOGOptic",
"PUScopeOptic",
"KashtanOptic",
"LongrangeOptic",
"HuntingOptic",
"PistolOptic",
"PSO1Optic",
"PSO11Optic",
"GrozaOptic",
"KobraOptic"

**Supports**
"M4_OEBttstck",
"M4_OEBttstck_Black",
"M4_OEBttstck_Green",
"M4_MPBttstck",
"M4_MPBttstck_Black",
"M4_MPBttstck_Green",
"M4_CQBBttstck",
"M4_CQBBttstck_Black",
"M4_CQBBttstck_Green",
"AK_WoodBttstck",
"AK_WoodBttstck_Black",
"AK_WoodBttstck_Camo",
"AK74_WoodBttstck",
"AK74_WoodBttstck_Black",
"AK74_WoodBttstck_Camo",
"AK_FoldingBttstck",
"AK_FoldingBttstck_Black",
"AK_FoldingBttstck_Green",
"AK_PlasticBttstck",
"AK_PlasticBttstck_Black",
"AK_PlasticBttstck_Green",
"AKS74U_Bttstck",
"AKS74U_Bttstck_Black",
"AKS74U_Bttstck_Green",
"MP5k_StockBttstck",
"Red9Bttstck",
"Fal_OeBttstck",
"Fal_FoldingBttstck",
"Saiga_Bttstck",
"M4_PlasticHndgrd",
"M4_PlasticHndgrd_Black",
"M4_PlasticHndgrd_Green",
"M4_RISHndgrd",
"M4_RISHndgrd_Black",
"M4_RISHndgrd_Green",
"M4_MPHndgrd",
"M4_MPHndgrd_Black",
"M4_MPHndgrd_Green",
"AK_WoodHndgrd",
"AK_WoodHndgrd_Black",
"AK_WoodHndgrd_Camo",
"AK74_Hndgrd",
"AK74_Hndgrd_Black",
"AK74_Hndgrd_Camo",
"AK_RailHndgrd",
"AK_RailHndgrd_Black",
"AK_RailHndgrd_Green",
"AK_PlasticHndgrd",
"MP5_PlasticHndgrd",
"MP5_RailHndgrd",
"M249_Hndgrd",
"M249_RisHndgrd",
"AtlasBipod",
"M249_Bipod",
"GhillieAtt_Tan",
"GhillieAtt_Woodland",
"GhillieAtt_Mossy",
"Groza_LowerReceiver",
"GrozaGL_LowerReceiver"

**Archery**
"PVCBow",
"QuickieBow",
"RecurveBow",
"Crossbow"

**Explosives**
"RGD5Grenade",
"M67Grenade",
"M18SmokeGrenade_Red",
"M18SmokeGrenade_Green",
"M18SmokeGrenade_Yellow",
"M18SmokeGrenade_Purple",
"M18SmokeGrenade_White",
"RDG2SmokeGrenade_Black",
"RDG2SmokeGrenade_White",
"FlashGrenade"

**Firearms**
"AK74",
"AK74_Black",
"AK74_Green",
"AKS74U",
"AKS74U_Black",
"AKS74U_Green",
"AK101",
"AK101_Black",
"AK101_Green",
"AKM",
"AugSteyr",
"B95",
"B95_Black",
"B95_Green",
"CZ61",
"CZ527",
"CZ527_Black",
"CZ527_Green",
"CZ527_Camo",
"FAL",
"Izh18",
"SawedoffIzh18",
"M4A1",
"M4A1_Green",
"M4A1_Black",
"M249",
"Mosin9130",
"Mosin9130_Black",
"Mosin9130_Green",
"Mosin9130_Camo",
"SawedoffMosin9130",
"SawedoffMosin9130_Black",
"SawedoffMosin9130_Green",
"SawedoffMosin9130_Camo",
"MP5K",
"Groza",
"PM73Rak",
"Repeater",
"Ruger1022",
"Ruger1022_Black",
"Ruger1022_Green",
"Scout",
"Scout_Black",
"Scout_Green",
"SKS",
"SKS_Black",
"SKS_Green",
"SVD",
"Trumpet",
"UMP45",
"VSS",
"Winchester70",
"Winchester70_Black",
"Winchester70_Green"

**Launchers**
"UnderSlugGrenadeM4",
"GP25",
"GP25_Standalone",
"LAW",
"M203",
"M203_Standalone","RPG7"

**MELEE**

**Blades**
"WoodAxe",
"Hatchet",
"FirefighterAxe",
"FirefighterAxe_Black",
"FirefighterAxe_Green",
"Cleaver",
"CombatKnife",
"HuntingKnife",
"Machete",
"Pitchfork",
"Pickaxe",
"Sword"

**Blunt**
"BaseballBat",
"NailedBaseballBat",
"PipeWrench",
"BrassKnuckles_Dull",
"BrassKnuckles_Shiny",
"TelescopicBaton",
"HockeyStick",
"NewHockeyStick",
"PoliceBaton"

**Powered**
"Chainsaw",
"CattleProd",
"StunBaton"

**NonLethal**
"DartGun",
"Shockpistol",
"Shockpistol_Black"


**Pistols**
"Colt1911",
"Engraved1911",
"CZ75",
"DE",
"Derringer_Black",
"Derringer_Pink",
"Derringer_Grey",
"Flaregun",
"FNX45",
"FNX45_arrow",
"Glock19",
"LongHorn",
"Magnum",
"MKII",
"P1",
"MakarovPB",
"MakarovIJ70",
"Red9"

**Shotguns**
"Izh43Shotgun",
"SawedoffIzh43Shotgun",
"Mp133Shotgun",
"Mp133Shotgun_PistolGrip",
"Saiga12KShotgun"
